# The New Playbook for Breaking Into Tech Sales (2026)

Creator: Connor Murray
Date: 2026-06-16
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-vPsoRWTiU

## Transcript

All right, if you're trying to break into tech sales right now, it's honestly a completely different game than it was even just a couple years ago. It's harder, but it's still very achievable and can actually be more lucrative than ever if you know what you're doing. So, got Eric on. Between us, we've helped thousands of people break into tech sales at top companies. We've interviewed and hired well over 100 reps. We've seen both sides of this, so we're going to be covering what's going on in the market, what we see, how you can actually stand out, crush interviews, and actually land a job here this year. So, Eric, thanks for being on. Yeah, of course, man. And I think for anyone watching, too, what's interesting is right now, I know tech is, you know, stocks are down, people are seeing a bunch of headlines about how the economy's crumbling. That's across the board, by the way, not just tech, but certainly because of AI, all of these different things. My point being, when I broke into tech sales in 2020, I started applying in late 2019, it was similar vibes. I If people remember, like everyone thought the economy was overinflated when COVID happened, that's why the stock market tanked. Everyone already was like everything's, you know, super inflated. So, we're kind of back, in my mind, at a high level, a lot of different factors, to a period where people are skeptical. Yeah. >> And 2021 to 2024 was like euphoria. Everyone was breaking into tech sales, the most popular career ever. And yeah, I mean, maybe we're down 10 to 15% from the hype, if you will, but I think it's an insane opportunity, and it's easier now more than ever for a lot of reasons we'll break into. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, what is it in your view? Because I You're You're right. I started around that 2018 era, and there was all sorts of pessimism even in that 2018 to 2020 era, which then led to that gold rush of, call it, 2021 to 2024. But what's the market reality right now? What's different this year than even just a couple years ago during that golden period you're referencing? Yeah. I think the the career is now so popular that a lot of companies recognize the talent that's out there. I think on one hand, it's attracted a higher caliber talent than the average person that found themselves in a sales job in 2015. Um two, I think they are looking for people who are about as game ready as possible. Everyone says that. Everyone, you know, yes, I want an SDR that can come in and day one and crush it. But quite frankly, in the zero interest area, uh zero interest uh time frame from 2021 to 2024, like, hey, we got to hire 50 SDRs this year. People that were on the friends, they're like, whatever. We'll bring in 50, 30 will make it, and that's a that's a win. Now, I do think people are being much more sniper rifle approach of this person has to be like game ready right now. Um yeah. That's a lot of noise. >> I'm seeing the same thing. There's a lot less room to be average. The good news is, if you're on this channel and you follow our stuff, we're not teaching you to be average. So, if you're performing at an elite level throughout these interview processes, and as you go about landing the jobs, it's no different. You can still land the same jobs now as a couple years ago, but there used to be, frankly, way more SDR openings at a lot of these companies. So, a lot of these average performers, they were okay. You know what? They seem like they have a good background, good school, decent personality. We can hire them and figure it out later. There's way less room for average now. They are looking for people that There's never 100% certainty, but you need to give them confidence in that interview process that you're going to be able to hit the ground running, not need your hand held. Yes, they're going to do your job, but you need to know what you're going to do to ramp and to roll and immediately become a successful SDR. So, I guess kind of going into the tying into that, what are specific things that companies are looking for that give off those signals that you are someone who's going to be SDR ready or close to it on day one? Yeah. I mean, I know we always preach this, but I want to add some context specifically now in 2026 why this is more important than ever. In the crazy peak era of all of the hiring, and this is getting to answer your question, I had several friends of mine that became SDR managers. When they posted jobs, within 24 to 48 hours, they had oh well over 150, if not 250, 300 applicants. On top of that, they were getting tons of rinse and repeat messages of people are like, I'm super ambitious. So, my point being is their inbox was completely flooded. Now, we always preach like reach out, direct message, LinkedIn, cold call, find their number, things of that nature to get noticed. The reason I brought all that context prior to this is now, it is actually less noisy. I think there's there's like there's still a ton of people pursuing these jobs and going after them, but a quality outreach is like the immediate way not just to get noticed. Like again, 2021, 2022, all right, you reached out, you're doing what only 10% of people are doing anyway, so I'll get you an interview. Now, I think people are being selective, not as many people are doing it, but to your point of being game ready out of the box, it's not just showing the initiative to reach out. It's literally calling Connor, who's an SDR manager, and saying, "Hey, Connor, I just applied for the role this morning. I know I caught you out of the blue, but I wanted to see if you had 3 minutes to talk about why I'm a great fit for the role." Set the tone right away that you are game ready. Yeah. >> And that I mean, we could break down so many more things, but it's it all starts there. That hasn't changed, but the bar of which you do it is now higher, and I think it's less cluttered than it was before even 3 years ago. >> well said. I think a lot of people, at first glance, they'd think it's the opposite because you see a LinkedIn job posting, and within 10 minutes, there's like 100-plus applicants. But I think, and correct me if I'm wrong, but the way I view it, and I think what you're saying is, even though there's I think there's more applicants applying than ever, it's actually less noisy because most of them are just doing the same copy, paste, click framework, and just blasting, spraying, and praying, and they're not even getting their resumes looked at. They're all just getting filtered. So, it's creating no noise. So, the people that actually take up-level it and take it a step further and do show effort, research, preparation, intention when they're reaching out, there's way less people doing that than there has in the past. So, you can really stand out. I I would also add, I think throughout the different stages of the interview process, we can break this down as deep as you want, but another way to say what I said about reaching out to a manager, especially if you get them on the phone, is by you cold calling, you're showing that you at least have a, you know, framework or approach to the role, and I think that's more important now than ever in every stage of the interview process. I don't want to generalize too much here, but let's say in the cold call exercise, you don't quite get it right, but you actually had a presence on the phone, you actually were able to command a call from beginning to end, that I think is more important now. Whereas in the past, it's like, hey, if, you know, you were a friendly person, we got along pretty well, I could see you're motivated, like, that's great. >> Yeah. It's It's so nuanced, but a little bit more now where it's not just like, hey, you're friendly, I don't doubt that I can coach you and get you to a point where you're good. I almost think the expectation now at the cold call exercise level is you come in and you're running point on this call end to end, and even if you're wrong, I would still prefer that person who was more incorrect in their cold call exercise than the person I'm kind of vibing with. >> Yeah. Because it's like, if you already put that much time and attention, and we I've never even coached you, I've never even had a one-on-one with you. This is not a 3-month thing to get you up to speed. This is like, give me a week or two with you at most, and I'll take all your drive and initiative and structure you already have, tweak like four three to four major things, and you're like game ready within 2 weeks as opposed to 3 months. >> Yeah. And I think one thing I'd add on to that, too, is like, it's how you what you do after after the cold call to the hiring manager itself. It's almost like you're treating it like you would as an SDR breaking into account. What were the next steps you talked about? Did they want you to reach out to a recruiter? Are you following up with them in an email thanking them, repeating things you might have talked about on the cold call, keeping them in the loop if it's not a meeting directly with them, be like, set up that call with Christina, looking forward to that conversation, I'll let you know how it goes. Like, you're doing stuff like that. That's no cand- less than 5% of candidates are probably doing that. Some final things on this point I would add, too, in terms of like hard qualities you all can take away that I think they're looking for are one, people who are hard working and just gritty. I think that's the base, and that can demonstrate that in the process. Two is coachability. Um and that'll come across in the questions they ask you, but they also want to see in most interview processes, they're going to be giving you feedback and guidance throughout the process, and they want to see you improve in your answers and taking the feedback they give you throughout that interview process. That's a strong signal of coachability. And then also, people who can demonstrate that they're a self-starter and adaptable. So, if you want to prepare stories and examples of each of those, I think that would be very smart going into the interview process. You can always fall back on them. So, the next topic we kind of touched on it there with um cold calling the hiring managers, but are there any other things you can think of that would help reps in terms of landing that initial interview that would really help them stand out and actually get them into a process with the top company they're looking to break into? Yeah. I I mean, I think it's always slept on, too, of just actually networking with other reps at the company. I mean, I I give a presentation downtown Austin once a month, and literally last month when I was giving a one of my talks, someone came in and was actively looking for a sales engineering role, had a great background, all of these things applied, and I introduced them to three people in my network because they're looking for out-of-the-box ways. Like, first and foremost, do the fundamentals, but I think a lot of people sleep on either virtually reaching out via LinkedIn to other reps in the industry at their target companies, and or, especially if you live in like a tier-one or tier-two city, like literally go in person. Nobody's doing that. And if you find someone that's like, hey, yeah, I'm I'm a account executive at HubSpot, just came out today to to learn more about sales or something, a very common thing I get at the presentation I give, like, what an incredible way to meet someone face-to-face, and literally like 0% basically of people are doing the actual in-person stuff. So, those have been two things that I've seen massively unlock opportunities for people, especially in big cities. >> Yeah, I think that's well said. Now, let's say we're landing interviews, you kind of get that process down if you're someone trying to break in. What are some of the top things you can do to stand out in an interview? I know it's a loaded question, so we can keep it high level. We don't need to go nitty-gritty into hard answers. We both have lots of videos on that, but high-level, how are you coaching people to head into these interview processes and things they should be nailing down first? Yeah, I think the biggest thing in 26 and beyond, and we've kind of talked about this in different flavors, but it truly is the nuance. The biggest thing I tell people now is is actually practicing out loud. I know like in Tech Sales Ascension, we have custom GPTs. You can actually role-play. Obviously, you have communities there where we do live coaching, etc., etc. My point being is when you actually practice out loud, it's not just the idea of like practice or droning on and on. It truly is the difference, and we've seen this because we've hosted several different interviews where two people, if you just looked at the transcript, are saying the exact ident- like they could say the identical thing. And it's the it's the exact way their presence on the call, the way they carry the conversation. There's a difference between saying like, "Hey, uh I really had a great interview today. I guess uh before I go, I have to ask uh is there anything preventing you from moving me forward?" And I can tell you're kind of like searching back in your brain and remembering, you know, the video that you saw or the module or the code, whatever your coach told you, right? Whereas, you know, candidate B who gets the opportunity has practiced this so many times while they're showering, while they're driving, while they're walking, whatever it is, that by the time they get to that point of the interview among all the other things they're doing, it's "Hey, I've really enjoyed our conversation today. I feel really great about the opportunity here. I am curious before we go, is there anything preventing you from holding me back from going to the next round?" I kind of still like butchered that live in real time, but the way I delivered that was way more confident. Yeah. >> Yeah, 100%. I can say this be- I was an SDR manager for 2 years. I did a ton of interviews. You Yes, you want You need to have good answers. The answers need to make sense, but I promise you, the person that sounds certain in their answer is coming across as a way stronger candidate than the person who sounds like they're coming up with what to say or figuring it out, like you said, replaying in their brain. Even if they end up getting the right words out, and even if their answer, if you look at the transcript, was better, I am I have way more positive views about candidate one. If To the audience right now, if if you don't have for why you why sales why this company, if you can't immediately just boom go into it, you're not prepared enough. You can still land a job, don't get me wrong, but it's like you need to have solid like answers that you've rehearsed, but you don't sound rehearsed. You You sound like it's coming out naturally. You know exactly why you're in the room there, why you'd be a top candidate, and why you want to be at this company. And it's the same thing when you're first starting out in these interview processes. I don't think you need to put the weight of the world on your shoulders. Like I don't think like every single person who's ever broken into tech sales and hasn't gotten the job on the first interview at the company, which is pretty much everyone, they'll tell you that their 10th interview was They'll look back at their first one and just laugh. And they're like, "Oh my god, I sounded awful." And that's the point. Like you're going to naturally practice this stuff and rehearse it. Over time, you're going to recognize, okay, which answer questions am I being asked where I don't feel like I have that like boom get right into it answer. It's almost like how you'd approach objection handling on cold calls where you start, you know, identifying the top objections you get in a response. It's the same thing in these interviews. It's like what questions am I being asked? What answers do I need to improve? A lot of this is just like practicing and rehearsing behind the scenes so you're game ready in the interview. Yeah. From my perspective. Um All right. Well, we're wrapping it up. I mean, we touched on it a little bit, but what are some of the biggest mistakes people can avoid in these interview processes? Let's say maybe they're doing a lot of what we talked about, right? Or they're at least getting better at it over time. And as they go through more of these processes, what are some maybe some things that candidates overlook or don't think about that either shoot themselves in the foot or maybe not necessarily shoot themselves in the foot, but just it's a missed opportunity for them to stand out that they just kind of left on the table. Yeah, I mean, honestly, one of the things I would double down on cuz I'm I'm someone who made a career transition. On paper, I had a strong background, engineering degree, former athlete, all of these different things that are high-level intangibles that companies like at least to get in an interview. I think the biggest thing that I see that people sleep on that you already mentioned is actually getting repetitions. Like one of the things we mentioned for breaking in all the time is make a list of 30 to 50 companies and intentionally start at the bottom. Yeah. >> This does two things. One, you see if your resume and your application are good because that way, if they're not, if you apply to 10 places, you get rejected from all 10, let's go back to the drawing board. And the good thing is you haven't been in Oracle system or Snowflake system or Salesforce's system as rejected. >> Yeah. >> So, you iron out those kinks, but also with the interview itself. Like I I've seen so many people literally I can't get specific cuz I literally can picture these people and and their names. >> [clears throat] >> But like some of the best candidates we've had, I'm not going to say they were overconfident, but they knew they had like a lot of raw intangibles. But it's these nuances that we've laid out throughout this entire video that they weren't yet perfect on, and they got their first ever interview at Snowflake, and they literally got to the final round. And to your point, if this had been their 15th interview, no problem. But it was literally their first interview at their target number one company, and because they hadn't experienced these things in real time, that was the difference between them getting it and not. And now this individual I'm thinking of is doing great things. They're working at a major market leader, but it took them an extra year and a half to get their foot in the door at a lower company to then be able to get to that position. >> Yeah, that's well said. Some other things I can think of are more on the more tactical side are demonstrate like we've talked about it, but demonstrating your level of effort and research going into the interviews. And that all like I'm I'm including like even the questions that you have prepared. I can't tell you how many times as a hiring manager, people crushed the interviews, and maybe this didn't kill them, but it'd be like, "All right, we we got 5 minutes left. Do you have any questions for me?" And they They're like, "No, I think I'm good." Or maybe they had one question that clearly wasn't that well thought out. And that's just like a huge opportunity a lot of people miss where we have videos on that, but demon- like some good frameworks to use are if you're interviewing with the hiring manager, reference something on their LinkedIn. Like I saw you were at You've been at the company a while. You moved from SDR to AE. What made you want to go into an SDR manager role, and what are you most excited about going into this year? It just shows like I did research on you. I looked at your profile and came up with a thoughtful question. Or things like I've been doing A lot of questions people will ask are lazy where they're like, "What should I do to prepare myself for this role?" We're up-leveling that a bit where it's like, "Here's what I've been doing. I've been doing X, Y, Z. I've been talking to these people. Where am I off base?" But then asking like, "What in addition to that would would you recommend I do to make sure I'm ready to ramp as quickly as possible if I was to start as an SDR?" Closing the interview you brought you brought up, and then sending follow-up emails after the each interview, too, thanking them, recapping a couple takeaways, and telling them you're looking forward to the next steps. A lot of times it's the little things like that, especially if you're in like a dead heat tie with another candidate. One of you is doing that, one of you is not. You might as well like eliminate all the risk. Like do all the things that could that could separate you. Um But yeah, that was just rapid-fire tactical things I can think of. Any anything I left on the table Yeah. >> I mean, I I would just say like kind of zooming out, too, you know, just more broadly on the market. I think one of the things that has surprised me is we have a lot of A- SDRs at AI companies that are absolutely killing it right now. I think it's a Now, don't get me wrong, don't go to like some no-name AI company, but just in the market. I know a lot of people are like, "Oh, is AI going to replace SDRs?" Absolutely not. We got a video on that that either has already come out or will come out. Um There've been several attempts to outright replace SDRs. That's not happening. But additionally, again, just boiling it down like first principles, if your job as an SDR and the way you get paid is to set meetings, tons of companies right now are very interested in innovative AI technologies that are going to completely overhaul their company. So, I'm seeing SDRs with literally zero experience break into 11 Labs, break into several other prominent AI companies that are absolutely blowing it out, six figures plus their first year as an SDR. And again, there's always nuance. There's always considerations. Um this isn't the euphoric like 2023 video of like, "My first year in tech sales, I made 700k." Some like that. But um yeah, I I think there's tons of opportunity and for all the reasons we've talked about on other videos as well, I still think this skill set of being a technically savvy seller is going to be the most like weatherproof, long-lasting skill set to have, honestly, for the next 10 years. So, Yeah. Well said. Well, if you guys are looking for more hands-on guidance, too, I mean, you can talk about this, but Tech Sales Ascension, number one program on the market for helping people break in. We've helped thousands of people break into every company, shape, and size, startups, big companies. Um Eric, if you want to touch on that at all, I think we could just wrap it up here. Yeah, I'd just say literally like this is not just our own individual experiences, but we have Yeah, we have over 9,000 people on HigherLevelSDRs at this point. Uh like you would be hard-pressed to find a logo that we do not have a rep working at at this point across all startups and major tech companies. So, Yeah. Well said. And uh yeah, hopefully they got a lot out of this one. Agreed. See you guys.
