# How New Account Executives Become Top Performers

Creator: Connor Murray
Date: 2026-06-09
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxc_hwaW3Eg

## Transcript

Eric, how we doing, man? Doing well. Good to be here. So, for a lot of people, the hardest transition they make in their entire tech sales career is going from that SDR to AE role. I know it certainly was for me. So, brought on Eric here. He's someone who promoted to AE in 3 months and ended up crushing it as an SMB AE, which is definitely got the hang of things faster than I did. So, a lot of reps is this is where they stall out. So, we really just want to cover what got us over the hump, some of the biggest mistakes we see new AEs make that I know I made, that we can help you avoid, um and what ultimately moves opportunities forward, real deal stories, things like that. So. Now, appreciate the intro, man. Just to be clear, it was 3 and 1/2 months, uh but uh no, in all in all seriousness, you know, one thing that I think we'll dive into, I mean, that storyline sounds great. Couple realities on the back end is one, the timing, and I can break that down, was perfect, but it's also why we always teach SDRs to be ready and do a lot of things ahead of time to where it may feel like you're 6 months away from a promotion, couple people leave or something happens and a reorg happens, and now they're asking you to be an AE. So, always be ready, I'm sure we'll break into that. But two, you know, the first 6 to to 8 months as an AE, I really struggled. So, excited to to dive deep, and I just don't want to paint this rosy picture of like, you know, put me on a pedestal, like still had to deal with a lot of stuff. So. >> Yeah, and I guess if you can remember, I know I can, why does moving from SDR to AE feel so difficult for a lot of people? Because from my perspective, what I remember is feeling like I had the SDR job down. When I was an SDR manager, I saw a lot of top performing SDRs, this is how they felt, too. They're like, "This job is beneath me now. I'm ready to move into the AE role." And then I get on my first discovery call and realize there's so much I don't know. I don't know how to run a discovery call, I don't know what the next step should be from here, I don't know how my internal processes work, and I just felt so overwhelmed. Curious if that resonates and and why you think a lot of SDRs who are top performing in that role end up really struggling in the AE role. Yeah, and and I I think maybe a a couple different takes on it. One, I've seen a lot of SDRs that do have an initial struggle at AE, but then fast forward about 12 to 18 months, they really hit their stride. So, kind of a a trough as you first move into the role is not completely unexpected. And aside from the tactics I'm happy to get into as well, I think one of the biggest things that I I'm not a big mindset guy, if you watch our conversations, you know that, but I will say it's a aside from studying a discovery call, you know, understanding like how to structure a 30-minute call, what questions to ask, how to set up next steps properly, yes, those are things that will come, but I think you have to unwire your brain from needing a meeting. Like like it it it's I'd be curious, you know, maybe we can break this down in more detail, but when you're optimizing for 3 to 5-minute cold calls and getting people to agree to a meeting, and overnight, you are now leading 30-minute hour-long, 90-minute conversations, whether that's an initial discovery call, maybe a follow-up call to dive deeper into their solution, the the pacing, like as an SDR, it's it's not a bad thing, but you kind of have this mental memory, like for better or worse, of like, "Go go go go go." You know, "Someone hangs up on me, next call. I got someone on the phone, let's have a nice conversation, slow it down, but in 3 to 5 minutes, I'm going for that ask, we're getting the meeting, and I'm getting paid." Like in it's in a way that I I'd throw it back to you to kind of pick your brain on, it's like yes, there's tactics, there's ways to lead discovery calls, but you kind of have to just like relax a little bit, take it in more holistically, and and really just get a sense for the different you're literally leading a conversation that is 10 times longer than your average conversation as an SDR, and that is one of the hardest gaps I think early on to to really understand. >> Yeah, you have to have this mindset shift from booking meetings to owning deals, and you have to learn delayed gratification. That was one of the biggest mindset shifts. Just to kind of in tangent with that, like I think a lot of SDRs are overwhelmed because a lot of the when they move to AE, because a lot of the processes that got them to 200% of their number as an SDR is now only a feature of the AE role, and they have all these new processes they need to learn that take a lot longer. So, to your point, that was the biggest mindset shift I had to make when moving into the AE role is delayed gratification. There were no longer when you booked a meeting, you could kind of compute in your head what that was going to equate to from a dollar standpoint in terms of your monthly bonus, your quarterly bonus, however that works, and you could physically do something within the next 2 minutes that would get you paid, where in the AE role, especially depending on what you sell and how long the sales cycles are, you can go weeks, months of doing the right things with the hope that it's going to pay off in the end, but something could go wrong at any point. There's no longer that ability to just pick up a phone and within 5 minutes be able to cash $100 in your head for booking a meeting. Obviously, the payouts can be way more as a result because the deal sizes and the commission checks are bigger, but that was totally one of the biggest mindset shifts I struggled with was I loved getting in that SDR mode, I had that processes down, I knew how to book meetings, and I knew how to compute those to dollar amounts, so it just was very motivating to me. So, you have to learn how to motivate yourself as an AE when you don't always see, you know, a reward from the good work you're doing on a day-by-day basis. Yeah, completely. And and I think too, it's, you know, if there's one thing as you know, I don't want to jump ahead and and kind of just get all over the place, but a lot of AEs, first-time AEs, really spend months, like literal months, at least top performers, "How do I run a discovery call?" Breaking down questions, listening to Gong recordings, getting all of the possible questions and objections listed out, which is great. But I think what they often take for granted is the process beyond that. And also, on a cold call, you get, relatively speaking, a pretty binary yes or no. Yeah. >> As you get into more complex deal cycles, I think the first major hurdle is just learning how to pace yourself over a discovery, a reverse demo, if you're like understanding, you know, criteria, having a deeper dive call, now we do a custom demo, now we roll into a trial, now we do legal and procurement, now we actually get signatures or not. That pacing is something I think we've covered pretty well, but also now, like there's a lot of minutia, and there and there's a lot of factors when you're not one-on-one with one individual getting one person to say yes that you're just not equipped for. Happy to break it down, but I think a lot of that is experience, muscle memory. I certainly got burned several times early on because I naively they were like, "Yeah, this looks great." I'm like, "Sweet." You know, "All right." And then nothing came to it. >> Well said. I think it's a good transition to where I wanted to go next, which is like, what are some of the biggest mistakes you see new AEs make when they're trying to wrap their head around all of that? I can share that I tried to take on too much all at once. I was in a particularly difficult situation cuz I was at Oracle at the time, and I was actually an SDR on the cloud infrastructure team, which was usage-based pricing, totally different, and I ended up becoming an AE on the apps team, like the applications I sold, financial management and HR, supply chain, all that, which was a per seat pricing model. So, it was like this whole new thing I had to learn that I wasn't focused on the first year. And you just laid out kind of that standard sales motion. I was trying to I was worrying about negotiation and things, it's like you got to master the front end of the sales cycle first. Like if you're work tr- trying to get your head around all this stuff, start with discovery calls, get your process down for that, learn how to get deals to a certain point and be able to leverage people on your team or your manager, too. Like if you're able to get deals to a certain point, most managers are then going to guide you, like, "Okay, time to negotiate for the first time. I'm going to help you out here." But you don't have to feel like you understand this full process end to end. You need to start codifying processes that you're doing repeatedly, but you need to start with the earliest part of the sales cycle you don't feel like you have down yet. So, I know that was a mistake I made when I was new was trying to bite off too much at once, and it just caused me to feel overwhelmed, but curious what you see as some of the biggest mistakes AEs make. I I really think if we're getting just beyond the discovery call, it it's really that middle ground, call it mid-funnel, where you've had a good discovery call, and now you've kind you're kind of having like three or four calls where you're kicking your tires, maybe you got introduced to another team member, you like, hey, you're having meetings, but now also I think, you know, something we can get into is you have your quota hanging over your head. And as an SDR, you just like, yeah, meetings, meetings are great, you know, three, four meetings, and you're going back to your manager, and it's the first time you're going to experience like, "Hey, Eric, it's been a month and a half, and we haven't really done much other than the initial discovery call and meeting a few teams. Like, what's what's going on?" >> Yeah. And like learning how to wrangle that in, it's never this straightforward, but I think one thing, you know, to your earlier question, is information overload. You're taking in discovery calls, you're listening to this channel, you're going to top reps on your team, you're looking at sales enablement decks that talk about all of these different things, and it's never this simple, but I truly think one of the things I wish I had when I was first an AE, is almost just like a one slide like block diagram of like discovery call, then reverse demo. This may be one or two calls, you may have to meet a couple teams, but just like if someone could lay out exactly really how to navigate through the minutia, that is where I see a lot of people trip up, because again, you you get three or four calls with the IT director. Okay, you meet the IT team of another, you know, another team. Okay, great. Who's the decision-maker? Like, "Oh, they said it's Bob." "Okay, have you met Bob?" "No." But I've had three or four calls, and like it feels like it's going good. Then you actually ask them what you should have asked like on call two, is, "Hey, can we talk to Bob?" And you finally do that cuz your manager tells you, "Hey, we need to get to Bob." And because it was done poorly, because you didn't know to do this early on, you actually find out that this was more just like them kind of messing around and wasting time than it actually a serious deal. So. >> Exactly. Yeah, I I could break it down more but >> resonate with that. Like when my first 6 months as an AE, I was doing all the SDR stuff better than I ever had. I was winning all sorts of internal competitions on meetings booked, pipeline generated, getting all these pats on the back and the praise. But I was behind my number, and that's because I didn't know what to do in the middle part of the sales cycle. I didn't even know what I should be planning for, and I think that takes us to where I want to go next is like what do top AEs do differently? And I think that was one of the big realizations for me is you can't just go into these calls and wing it. You have to go in with a plan of what you think that things can always change depending on how the call goes, but you need to have an idea of what you're going to recommend as a next step to progress the sales cycle and even a next next step. Like you want to be able to know what the next two steps are, who should be involved, start prepping and kind of gearing your champion, whoever you're working with, to like, "Okay, I'm going to need to involve these people and get them thinking about that." But that's really what progresses and accelerates deals beyond just the initial discovery, weekly, monthly touch point uh trap that a lot of And that's the trap I was falling into. Had a lot of pipeline, none of it was progressing. Um so curious if that resonates and what else you see top AEs doing that separates themselves. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think to say it at a at a high level, you know, pending if you're a full cycle AE, I certainly was the first 2 years. I had to do SDR work and AE work. It's really tempting to go back to what is super comfortable and what has worked for you. So, as an example, if you're struggling to progress deals, maybe you have even decent pipeline. Like you've got three to four X coverage of your quota, but it could be really tempting. Let me just keep setting meetings. And I I think that was something the first 6 months I was an AE. It's like, "Okay, I got this really big deal. I got a bunch of like mid-to-small-size deals. Surely those will come through. Let me focus on pipeline." And it's actually like, "No, let me actually spend a lot of time there." I I can do both and I'll break this down more, but really I I think people go back to their comfort zone because as you start to get insecure about these deals aren't closing, oh Oh like I at least my knee-jerk reaction was let me go create more pipeline. So, at a minimum like they feel like I'm still doing work. And And And it's somewhere in between. It's not one or the other. It's not like you stop building pipeline, but you kind of have to run headfirst into these challenges as you experience them. And we can make all the videos in the world, all the books, you name it, but a lot of this is experiential. And so I I would just tie it off on on this specific point. I think the best AEs get to a point where they've systematized a lot of the pipe gen uh stuff. So, you can spend an hour, maybe two, a day on it and get the same result that used to take you 8 hours as an SDR, but also now I don't want to blow this wide open. I mean, we just did a case study with an AE at HubSpot that hit 249% of their number, and they have codified almost all of their administrative work in GPTs, in custom gems, in Claude, you name it, to where my point being is as you find these manual things you're doing that are not talking to high-value prospects and not progressing a deal forward, as best as possible, you're not going to be able to do this on day one, recognize those things and maybe two to three months as you find you keep manually writing CRM notes, keep manually writing follow-up emails, start to offload that work in any way, shape, or form to AI and/or build systems, even if it's templates. Maybe you can't use AI at your company. Even templatizing standard responses that you only change three sentences on, those are many ways that I think the top AEs are doing among all the other things we could get into is really systematizing the work that helps, but does not truly move the needle when it comes to attaining quota. Yeah. One thing I'll add too cuz your comment kind of sparked this thought is that meetings booked and pipe generating opportunities is no longer the end goal. That's just like a part of your job. I think a lot of AEs fall into that trap where pipe pipeline, you need to focus on getting deals across the finish line. You need to be reverse engineering. Like here's what my quota is, here's what my average deal size is, here's how many deals per month on average I'm going to need to get into. And if you have those deals in front of you, this might be a controversial take, you might not have to prospect that week. Your time Your time every single day is probably better spent getting those across the finish line rather than, "Oh, what if some of them don't close? I got to make more cold calls and emails cuz that's your comfort place." Like don't get me wrong, you need to be doing that consistently as an AE, but there are weeks. I'm an AE right now where I don't prospect because I have deals that are going to make meaningful progress to my quota for the year where I'm like, "I need to maximize 100% of my time to to de-risking this deal and making sure it gets done." So, I think that's an important distinction. Um meetings aren't the end goal. Um they're just a feature of the job. I guess what do you view as the core AE skill set that if you were to break it down for an AE, like one way to think about it is I mean at at its most simple form, like the two things you're doing, you're either building pipeline or advancing deals. You could add closing deals or you could put them in in the same category, but you're building pipeline, advancing deals, or closing deals. And then you kind of laid out the process earlier of how there's typically PG, then discovery, demo, trial. Um there's lots of skill sets that need to be learned as an AE. Which ones do you think new account executives should focus on or at least spend the most time on initially? Um Yeah, I I I think if I were to simplify cuz I think, you know, while we've always talked about how, you know, discovery is important, I don't think we've dove enough into that. If I was to give a simple overview on discovery, and this also goes to some of the things we talked about earlier, it's not taking an answer at face value and really learning how to slow down and ensure you understand the depth of what is behind the whatever the prospect is saying to you, really understanding that at several different levels. Now, you have to do repetition, you have to learn the best ways to do this. But as an SDR, if they were like, "Hey, budget's a concern." My response to that is like, "Oh, appreciate the heads-up. We can definitely get you a specific if we hop on a call." And I set up the meeting, it's whatever. It's It's a low risk for them, it's 30 minutes. But now as you become an AE, you're doing discovery, and you you need to protect your own time, not spend 3 months with a prospect who was never serious. But also when they say, "Oh yeah, 250K, that it should be in budget." Oh, great. No, that's good to know. I guess when you've bought 250K solutions before, what did that look like? Who was in charge of that? Did you drive that personally? Did you trial that before you bought it? Like there's so many things I think you got to slow down from the SDR position where you would take that answer at face value, great, because that's justification for the meeting. Well, now it's like, "Let me understand this at three to four different levels so I can ensure that one, we're running on it's not just you extracting from them, but you're all on the same page, and two, you de-risk the situation where I see a lot of SDRs the first 6 to 12 months in, they do discovery, they ask some pretty good questions, but they're missing some obvious landmines, and there's some major unknowns in their deals that really surface three to four months in and shoot them in the foot. They never had the actual executive buyer, that's obviously the most common one. But I think even from a technical perspective, people don't think about the cost of doing nothing. Like, "Hey, I'm sure we could provide value, but if you're solving a 500K problem for a quarter million dollars, and they have a $10 million problem, why would they buy your stuff versus focusing all their attention there?" It's one one example of many. I'll hand it back to you, but No, it's well said. Um I guess I wanted to kind of close here with some real battle stories. Do you have any good examples from when you were a new AE where I'll give you either choice, either you learned that the hard way and maybe lost a deal or where you won a deal maybe because you had learned some lessons from prior uh shortcomings and applied everything you were just saying. Yeah, I mean, I I think the first one that comes to mind, I'm happy to to go into more but we'll we'll start with one. I mean, literally the first The first deal I closed was 210K, which is crazy. Like that would that blew my number out, it's great. The first actual deal I had that I would say I formally lost was like an 8 to 10K deal. And I'm coming from SA SDR land where it's like, "Okay, they said yes, great." You know, it's like I had an initial meeting. I had a high-level engineer and I think an engineering manager on the call. Never went up, never asked who purchased any of this. We had our first call, understood their pains. I felt like I, you know, for the tenure that I had, I ran a decent discovery call. Next call, we showed them a more in-depth demo. They're like, "This is great. Yeah, we'd love to use this." I'm like, "Sweet." Yeah. You know, next call, same thing. We have another call where it's like, "Let's look at a trial." And then we were asking them, "Do you guys typically trial stuff?" They're like, "Oh, for, you know, 10K, we can probably just buy it." I was like, "Great." Emailed them a a proposal, nothing. Instantly dead. Yep. And so that's one very short and simple example. I can break it down. I've also got other examples as well, but like this is again, like literally talking to that SDR that's 3 to 6 months into their promotion, like that is the biggest thing you got to unwire. You got to slow down. You got to understand the full context, and it doesn't require more calls. It's literally instead of asking them 10 minutes of questions and then going to your solution, it's like asking 20. Asking 22, 25 minutes. Even having a whole call where you let them talk most of the time, and because it's going so well, you don't even worry about showing them what you guys do and just set up a next call, right? Many different examples, but I'll I'll cap it there for now. >> Yeah, I think the takeaway here and for the audience is that when you're a new AE, you're probably going to face some tough losses. There's no getting around that, and you your job is to extract the lessons from those and what went wrong or the patterns you recognize of who I should have brought in, what I should have confirmed earlier in the sales cycle, things like that, and use them to improve. Like sure, you might end up being God's greatest gift to sales and closing your first five deals, good for you, but you're eventually going to learn these lessons. It took me about 7 months to close my first real deal as an AE. Going back to that whole delayed gratification thing where I was used to the daily, you know, rewards, monthly payouts, things like that. Um I had to learn some tough lessons, and I just want to encourage the audience it it is probably the toughest transition you'll make, in my opinion, in your sales career. It's harder than going from SMB to mid-market or mid-market to enterprise, in my opinion. There's challenges with each of those, but it truly is a different type of role, but as we've laid out here, if you focus on the right things, take it one at a time, really focus on codifying your processes, recognizing the patterns, it's doable. So. And I I would just say, if I were to distill everything we've talked about among many other things, just speaking to that person that's new, that's inexperienced, is every single call should have intention behind it and should have a ideal next step. And if they're not willing to do that next step, that's okay. That could be a sign that it's not qualified. And so, don't just mindlessly keep it in pipeline. Don't swing too hard the other way and like ruthlessly disqualify everything, but I think that's where you've got to leverage like one where I see a lot of people mess up, like they book a next call, but there's no real reason behind it. >> Yeah. You know, and if you have a very clearly diagrammed or planned sales structure end-to-end, like we mentioned, simple example, discovery, then demo, then uh maybe like a trial kickoff or a trial scoping, then a trial kickoff, like leverage your team, whatever your company does, but like we are very intentionally, if the discovery goes well, like we're not just saying, "Hey, can you guys meet next week? We'll keep the convo going." It's like, "No, let's meet next week. Typically, what we do here is actually have you share whatever you're comfortable with and go really deep in your environment. So, then when we do a custom demo or when we start our trial, we're very well prepared to not only get a great result, but do it as efficiently as possible." >> Yeah. Like those those seem little and I I think a lot of SDRs, myself included, think they're communicating that when they say, "Great, let's keep the conversation going and meet next Thursday." But those little things over time that you learn to bake in truly make a difference and allow you to act much more intentionally. And also, I think uh you know, probably in separate video, you'll you'll learn to separate the real deals from, you know, the the deals that aren't that serious and you'll just be better able to optimize your time over time. Lastly, you know, it's just hopefully this video helps. You just got to experience it. You're going to eat You know, it's like, if you want to play in the NFL, you're probably going to get injured at some point in time. If you want to be an account executive, you are going to have to take some hard Ls. But uh yeah, hopefully this video helps. Curious if you have any other thoughts. No, that's the good point to wrap it off. The happy ears thing, I actually meant to bring that up earlier. It's It feels good keeping the deals alive and in the pipeline, but it's actually you learn very quickly as a new AE, it's better to cut a deal that's not qualified and not spend all the time and resources on it than drag it out cuz it looks good on your CRM and your forecast to your manager. So. Totally. Well said. Appreciate the conversation. For those of you watching, if you're transitioning to that role or just did or about to soon, you can check out AE Mastery. It'll be linked in the description. We're working with AEs to implement all this at top companies throughout the industry. So. Well, not to mention Cold Call Mastery, Cold Email Engine, SDR Accelerator for SDRs. We have live calls there, too, and we help SDRs prepare for that promotion, that interview process, etc. So. Lots of great stuff. Hope you guys got value. Hope you guys got value. See you on the next one.
