# How to dominate your SaaS market through lowest cost per demo

Creator: Denis Shatalin
Date: 2026-06-03
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2m5q3zk-kI

## Transcript

In this video, I want to explain you how to dominate your SaaS vertical by booking the cheapest qualified calls in your market. The way how you beat all your competitors is simply by achieving the lowest customer acquisition cost there is. If you're able to acquire customer five or 10 times cheaper than any of your competitors, there's no way for them to win, no matter how much funding they raise. So, in this video, I'll share some of the key insights I've been using in all my clients' campaigns to help them book over 5,000 product demos and generate mid eight figures in new sales. The first thing you need to start with is to break down the key pain you help people solve because if you don't do that, it's really easy for you to be quite lost in terms of who exactly you're solving this for, what type of the pain your product solves and stuff like that. And you don't want to make mistake here because then you're just going to be burning too much ad spend going in the very wrong direction and mismanaging your pixel and feeding completely wrong data. So, in order to avoid that, the thing we should start with is clarifying the exact pain you solve for your ICP and then writing down who is this buyer persona that experiences this pain the most because once you have clarity on that, this allows you to understand what are the key buying situations when they experience this pain. Because once you have these buying situations, this is exactly what builds the foundation of your first marketing campaigns for you to get your pixel right and then have this great foundation for you to then be collecting millions and millions from your campaigns. So, you have your key pain that you solve, you broke down exact buyer persona who you solve it for. And now you want to come up with 10 different scenarios when exactly would they feel the most urgent in order like for them to buy your solution. Because I'm sure that by now you had so many meetings with people who came just to explore synergies, just to do some networking, who were not really problem aware, who didn't really know what your solution is about. And look, one thing which I see so many founders miss is that they don't get how large their ideal target addressable market is. Because instead of you trying to chase all people there who need to be educated why they need your solution, who need to be convinced, pushed, and sold, you need to do none of that to reach the first 1 to 3 million ARR. All you need to do is to get in front of problem-aware, solution-aware buyers and simply articulate to them how your solution is the best one to solve their problem. That's all you need to do. So, you put down 10 different buying scenarios, when would they be feeling the most urgency for them to buy? Let's say you're helping people implement some accountancy solution, which helps them do end-of-year financial reports. A good timing here would be end of year or few times few months before that, because this timing is exactly when they would be looking to invest in software like this. If you start appearing in front of them in this time frame, this is going to allow you to collect more sales with much shorter sales cycle, and this is just easier for you to scale. Aside from understanding this time gap, couple months before end of financial year, you also want to think in terms of what are other buying situations when they would be the easiest for you to convert. So, one this could be right after they brought a new accounting manager. Second one is when they just fired their junior accountant. And other different signals like that, this is something you should be looking after. Because if you identify them correctly, you're going to be the one to deliver your message and your offer at the right timing, and this is how you're going to win business not only with different B2B companies, but with many enterprises, simply because your message would be the right one they hear at the right point of time. Once you broke down 10 different scenarios, when would be when it would be the best timing for you to get in front of them, you want to highlight the top three, the ones which you want to make your bet on. Because another mistake I see many founders make here when they approach their ad advertising paid advertising is they then bet on all of these 10 equally, which is a mistake. Because I'm sure from your experience you are not building this one B2B SaaS out of the blue, and I'm sure you understand that there are some out of these 10 buyer situations when they would be just so much easier to convert for you into the solution than some other ones. And these are your top bets. You want to have between three and four top bets in your campaign, these buying situations which you just believe is like going to be a no-brainer for them to implement your product, and they're going to convert within like one meeting max. These ones you want to make multiple different ad variations on. And of course when you approach your campaign building with after this new Andromeda update, you want to be very versatile in terms of your messaging, your ad formats, and the way you deliver your offer. Again, if you don't have enough versatility, that's how you burn out of budget, go on Reddit, and start blaming Meta for ruining everything, and uh for world to be so evil. In reality, all you need to do is simply articulate your offer in the right way through these 10 different buyer scenarios, and to present everything in very different ad formats, because this is how you give Meta enough versatility for this to for it to find the best performing ad angle. And once you make, let's say, these three winning bets that you want to bet on, and you turn each of them into three to four different video ads, the other ones you then basically turn into single or you make just few videos on those. This allows you to usually stack 15 to 20 to 25 video at ads and launch them in your campaign. And I'm just telling you that after you run this for let's say 5 10k in ad budget having correct foundation, having correct pixel, and articulating your offer and messaging the right way is just unreasonable for you not to be getting decent cost per call and for you not to fill your pipeline. If you somehow mess it up, then most likely you made one of the other two mistakes which would be articulating your offer incorrectly or trying to be too creative or messing up your foundation. And if you don't want to make those two mistakes, you can go to sasken.com and check what I do in terms of my advisory, apply to work with me and I'll be happy to help you out so you don't burn like 10, 20, or 30 grand on your own ad spend. With that said, the actual way how you book the cheapest qualified calls in your market so you beat all your competition is through having a correct foundation for finding those winners on repeat because this is how you do it once, but then once you see which ad angles are performing best, this allows you to then use this insights to then launch your scaling campaigns and be repeating this process until you stack 8, 10, 12, 15 different winners. And after you stack 12 to 15 different winners, it makes it unreasonable for you not to hit 1 to 3 mil ARR in less than a year. Appreciate you watching this video. If you want to learn more about different breakdowns of how I got my clients to this revenue milestones in just few months, you can go to my Telegram channel where I shared exactly how. And of course, if you want me to help you get there years sooner and to bypass all this trial and error process which I really don't want you to go because you don't have to, then go and apply to work with me. Appreciate you watching this and talk
