# SaaS gems ep. 1: infinite contracts, finding the best positioning, and signing billion dollar orgs

Creator: Denis Shatalin
Date: 2026-06-16
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OiMeOpff4U

## Transcript

Hello. In today's episode of SaaS Gems, I want to talk about infinite contracts, finding the best positioning for your solution, and signing billion-dollar organizations as clients, and also share all the other different things which I've seen to be working in B2B SaaS recently. So, the biggest deal I've seen this year, it's a software development contract with Japanese government, and I know the story behind this one through one mastermind I'm attending in London. And basically, I was smoking cigars with the guy, and he explained on how exactly he land he landed it, and this was just a very mind opening story for me to hear because, basically, after a 2-year sales cycle, which seems quite reasonable for a contract like this, he mentioned how many relationships he needed to leverage and to pull to make this one to pull this one off, and it ended up being a $10 million a year deal to build I'll just share something related to pension payouts in Japan. But, the craziest part about this story was that the deal has infinite timeline, and this was quite an unlock for me to hear because I've never yet come across uh deal structures like this in software, but it's just interesting to see a different perspective on things. While, you know, you see thousands of founders fighting to get $100 payment in, or even, for example, spending years to land a 100K contract, it's interesting just how by shifting your positioning and going for quite a different type of um company and the pain point you solve for them, you can unlock potentially a 100x to a 1000x payout because while seeing so many guys who are building software and of course with contracts like this, it's so frequent that the founder would be doing a lot of one-time specific implementation. Uh it's interesting that while you may spend with your team 100 hours to make something like half a million from a deal like this, which could be sold to a different entity, how different the margins and everything is once this is sold to the right type of company or it's actually unfair to say company here because this is like uh government type deal, which is really relationship-based. Now, the next thing I want to talk about after this one is the post-Andromeda creative debate, which I've been seeing going on and I honestly have not yet picked a side for this one. So, the whole story behind it is the following that after Andromeda I I mean after Meta has released their Andromeda update, there's been a lot of discussions on what is the optimal campaign structure. And I just wanted to bring this up here that what I've been seeing is I have very successful media buyers in my network who are wildly advocating for doing 20 to 30 or even more as per ad set in order to give it uh to give campaign more versatility and equally I have other super competent media buyers who are saying that this is a complete overkill and this is just going to drain all the campaign budgets and this is like a terrible mistake to do. And uh they are advocating for doing no more than eight to 12 ads per ad set until you cross something like $500 a day in spend, 1K days in spend and numbers like this. And currently my clients are testing a combined of like multiple six figures in monthly spend and we are running a lot of different [snorts] AB tests with them. So this one is like work in progress, but right now just to put it out there, I would say that my most successful meta campaign for myself has been closer to this eight to 12 ad in ad set thing. Uh so I might be joining this side of the bottle. Um but at the same time if I were to think about the last 30 clients I've been launching campaigns with, I would say indeed the results are quite mixed because they really depend on the type of industry you're targeting, how many statics versus videos you're doing, what your ad spend is for the campaign and factors like this. And I believe that if your space needs more trust building or is just known to be extremely skeptical for different new offers, I think that uh if you're selling to this skeptical type buyers, it's very useful to add in couple social proofs, case studies and different examples of client results you have in across your ad sets. The reason behind it being that Meta would then be playing with the order of the ads, how they're shown, and having bunch of case studies and testimonial just leave within the ad set is helping Meta to put this in front of the right buyers at the right time so that basically uh you're going to be solving this scepticism challenge through having a good mix of social proof within your campaign. So for example, it would show something like a direct offer at first, then social proof pack one, social proof pack two, then another direct offer, then at five, and this is how it's going to build out this sequence of the the right sequence of ads to show to the people you are targeting. And I want you to be thoughtful that it's no longer linear in terms of like all my especially in in niches where there is like um high degree of competition among solutions where let's say something like um online sales space, which is notoriously known for scams and stuff like that, you usually would want to add a significant amount of social proof into your ad sets just to make sure that while Meta's algorithm is finding the right sequence for which ads to show in what order, that it will be plugging in different testimonials at the right time for for the entire thing to flow into one good buyer journey. Because if you are not leveraging social proof, and you are operating in a uh niche which is again notoriously known to be skeptical, good luck in current economy. Um now, the next topic I want to talk on is how a client of mine closed the deal with a billion-dollar e-com brand. And I think fair to say that this is not just e-com because they have good presence in retail as well, so it's like I mean quite a company there. The vertical that this happened within is content production, so the software is related to to that. And the timeline it took was just four weeks since we launched the campaigns, and we got started with just two campaigns, $100 a day in ad spend for each. The launch for us looked the following way. So, we basically AB tested multiple different value propositions. One was coming from a client because they were thinking that by going very specific in terms of their value proposition, who exactly this is for, uh they're going to get better results. And uh I had some concern about it because I have never really seen a good chunk of people succeeding with this specific offer for their specific demographic the way they wanted to design it. And that's why I said, "You know what? Just for the sake of it, let's uh let's test the same thing, but without this extra specification for this like offer side, and just try to attract all companies in the market instead to just compare results because from my experience, I did see how their offer has worked really well for the broad market, while I have seen how it worked for this specific type of positioning they wanted to run. And this really worked out quite well because the broad offer campaign has won the test. And after spending 2.5 K on each, the broad campaign on the front end return on spend it just brought us a 2X return, meaning it turned it started turning like $1 into two uh versus just one call and no sales in the niche offer. So, I mean, um it's not I I mean, I might say that I rescued it, you call it whatever, uh but indeed, if we never designed this AB test and we just went with this like very specific type offer and uh type of positioning, all we would have by now is one call booked. So, that's why it's really nice that I suggested that we run an AB test this way. So, the structure which we followed was the following. It was a VSL funnel for both positioning options, and we did 12 statics and 12 videos inside the campaign. We were okay to do both formats in one campaign because sometimes it's good to mix them into I mean, it's good to separate them so that one or the other does not just steal 99% of ad spend. But, basically we wanted to also see which format would win for the spend and for the type of niche we're in. And now it's fair to say that videos are winning. The KPI we had for this campaign was just breaking even or profiting on the front end because many times I see people get into advertising for their software solutions having quite misaligned KPI expectations. I'd leave it like that. So, for example, if you are coming into advertising and you're like, "Oh, we must be turning $100 into $200 the same month we're running ads the first month." I mean, good for you, but it's quite optimistic. Can it happen? Yes, but if you are For example, I think it's easier to achieve your fear selling high ticket because if you're selling a software in an annual subscription way and you're doing annual deals up front and you're charging 3 to 10K for them, let's say that your cost per call is going to be $300. You spent 3K to get 10 calls in, and you land couple sales. 3K in, 6 to 8K signed. This allows you to be two to three X cash collected within the first month. So, I think that the numbers I just given are quite achievable even in the first month from the first attempt. Um but, I would say among like 150 founders I've done paid campaigns with, I would say that like vast majority of them would be usually profiting from their ads in the second month of us running those. Because, yes, I would say 10 15% founders become profitable in the first month. 10 15% it takes them 3 to 4 months. 80% it's usually month two because we typically start getting solid calls in week three, week four. Um then, in the second month that's usually when most second calls and demos actually happen. And this allows to start collecting some cash from that. Um and uh funny enough how with this one client, I believe we've got a fantastic synergy. Ironically, we started on quite uh uh low um we started with quite grounded expectations. We Basically, we were like, "Okay, let us just put as much effort as required for us to do it the right way, and then see how it goes." And it's interesting to point out that prior to us starting to work together, this same client has made couple of times of getting into paid ads for uh SaaS and other offers, but usually they would give up after like running 1 or 2K in spend because especially, you know, I know this feeling myself because before I invested like 40 50K into ad masterminds, I Of course, I felt it too that you are like putting the first $1,000 and you don't really believe and trust your setup, and that's why you're always second-guessing and questioning whether you're doing the right thing on or not. And it's really hard to for you to pass through this learning curve stage when the pixel is learning the most while you are like making changes to the campaign couple times a week when you're always wondering, "Okay, do we switch this off now or not?" And stuff like that. And that's why I believe, I mean, at least for me, it's become 100 times easier when I hired specialists and advisors for myself who just helped me design the setup which I believed in the and they were like, "Dennis, okay, the thing you need to do now is we made sure that our pixel and back-end tracking is set up the right way. The ads are solid. We have enough versatility in our campaign. Now, all you need to do is just run 5K of spend into it to give pixel enough information." Was it a bit painful at the start? Potentially yes. But uh because, I mean, I don't need to mislead you here. It took me many and many attempts for me to start becoming profitable on my ads. And uh thankfully, when it comes down to advertising for B2B SaaS, usually the bar is way lower, which allows us to gain and get a lot more wins way quicker. But, for me, I was making the same mistake of making like always trying to like treat advertising same as outbound because in ad outbound, often times you're like tweaking a follow-up sequence, tweaking your intro message, uh this and that. But, I think the better analogy for paid ads is fishing. If you get your spinning and you get to the spot, and then every 5 to 10 minutes you just you're like, "Is it Is there really fish here? Oh, this one other guy across the river just caught a bit more. Maybe I go there or actually let me get another I got no mackerel to like anything fishing related anyway. Anyways, let me just get this, move to another place and so on. And that's how you spend like the whole day and catch out nothing. While the better way for you to catch the fish would be you find someone who caught the fish in this river before. He told you what are the good spots are, so you get couple spinnings, you throw them, and then you just actually once you committed to it, you wait for couple hours, and you walk home with kilograms of different tunas and everything. So, the sales cycle for this one deal took one call. And there is a reason behind it because what worked for us is running a quick win offer to win a long-term enterprise client. And I really want you to consider the same if you are selling high ticket because I've done this dozens and dozens of times with many other B2B SaaS clients by now. And this idea is that let's say you are want to be selling something for 10, 20, 50, 100K. Instead of you trying to win the deal up front through your magical sales skills, a much, much easier way to do it is just to run and like to find a way to do a mini co-pilot to do a mini pilot project for I don't know couple grand, and you this allows you to like show the quick win, the prospect sees result, they already trust you because they paid you money once, and that's how instead of you fighting through six to 10 decision-makers for half a year or a year, basically what you do is just tell them, "Look guys, we know we never done business with each other. We believe it's [snorts] going to work great for you. Instead of us taking 30 grand up front, let us just run this 1K or 2K thing, which we believe is going to get results within, I don't know, a few weeks or a month. And uh this is how month two you pretty much secure yourself a 30 or 50K deal as long as your pilot project went successfully. I think this strategy is terribly underutilized, especially like is terribly underutilized among B2B SaaS enterprise uh startups because they are all trying to rely on their sales skills, which many times are nonexistent. And uh I think that they are shooting themselves in the foot trying to uh do every like because the more pressure you put on your sales team, the harder it is going to be for you to >> [sighs] >> step away from sales. And I think that um sure if you like doing discovery calls and sales, you may see yourself doing this for longer, but I think every well-designed sales process should actually work without the founder's presence because this is when you can claim that your software does have product market fit and can work and does work and is able to be sold for like 5 to 7X annual multiple rather than for you to be um like trying to close deals through your connections and uh relationships all the time. Now, today this one client of mine has had has booked 12 calls, converted four sales. All are intro projects by for now. A few conversations are also in the pipeline, and we're averaging cost per qualified call between 290 and 340 dollars. I think the big reason behind such a appealing cost per qualified call, despite us landing a deal with a billion-dollar company is that we never we never said, "Oh, if you make a billion dollars, go buy from us." Or something. I think it's just as long as you are solving pains and problems for the right type of people, and you know how to articulate it well in your marketing, this is when you find wins like that. Now, the plan for us here is going to be to kill the niche offer in order to scale the spend in the broad one, which we're seeing working way better. And we're going to leverage the winning ad format, which for now is a video ad, and I forgot to finish writing it here, but basically the hook talks about the difficulties of managing a big content content production team. And of course, with us having multiple ads which are talking about how annoying it is to manage like 20-30 editors, no surprise, people who are managing 20-30 editors are resonating with that quite well. Now, regarding new advisory clients I've started working with in the recent weeks, one is a martech solution for automated funnel testing, which I think is a great niche. And what I love about their offer is that it really allows you to design very appealing guarantees around it. Even though I'm no longer big into guarantees, and I I'm not big into oh, if you don't get 10x ROI in couple days, we give you massage and fly you to Bali. Enough of those. Shout out to Hormozi. Um I think that the reason why this has been kicking off for us is because automated AB testing type offer is pretty straightforward to sell with a no-brainer guarantee because you just say if that if this does not convert better, you don't pay. And that's all that's required to land sales solution for sales teams in real estate space. So, I believe that this one is going to be quite I don't want to say sophisticated market, but I would much rather say it's like Mhm. It's just such a red ocean regarding this sales related solutions, but I think Uh so, yeah, you know, I talked couple founders out of building a sales related software but this one company, they've got such a track record with sales and running high-ticket sales teams that for them it's unreasonable to just not give a shot to it, you know, because when you already have experience of scaling successful sales teams, of course, this does give you an unfair advantage when building a sales related solution over a guy who is just oh, what are the hot markets and niches these days? Let me just jump into that. And the third one is a product for detailing shops. Now, the challenges with each of them we are currently solving. One is getting enough high production creatives out quickly. So, for the smart tech solution, since it's marketing related, we are selling to sophisticated demographic of marketers, many of them being able to uh understand what we are about pretty quickly. So, the difficulty when you are selling to marketers is well, you can't get away with low quality ads. And right now, what we are working towards is having a good pipeline of well-designed, well-edited ads in advance so that whenever we need more more versatility in our campaigns, we don't need to have this gap and delay between the moment that we know the ad is performing and us needing to wait for a week or two while we have another batch of 20 variations for it. Instead, the way we are like leveling up our operations is making sure that whenever there is an ad which starts performing well, we identify this early, so we are leveling up operations to be able to produce ads for it timely. And that's why I made a couple of referrals between this one client and few other people in advertising space who I know who are now helping him get this production sorted quicker. Now, the next one is finding the right business model for this sales team solutions because they initially came to me uh thinking that they want to double down on the low-ticket, no-sales calls way, but I think that throwing out your key competitive edge out the window is just unreasonable, and that's why what we're going to be doing in the next weeks is running a proper AB test and putting good effort into actually understanding does their market for their type of solution reply better and respond better to a sales driven funnel or a low-ticket funnel. And I get this question quite often from different startups who email me like which route should they go, and sometimes we solve issue like this inside my program with them. And you know, in the long run, it all comes down to the life design you're after. If you want to get the It It's like It comes down to your the life design you want out of your business and how you want your schedule to look like, plus whether you want to make a bet on your marketing and sales skills or on your product skills. Of course, many technical founders listening to this will be like, "Oh, let me just bet on my product skills." But, look, if you are competing in a space with 100 other solutions and you're like, "Oh, I'll UX and the best code." Good luck to you outcompeting teams with 100 engineers just on the product side of things. Um I mean, great for you if this works out. However usually the way how you actually outcompete these engineering teams with like 50 to couple hundred developers is by you designing a new category and I have a very interesting video on my channel regarding that, where I break down how exactly you need to stand out in a competitive market for you to eliminate your competition and be the solution that your prospects are choosing despite having a variety of alternative options. And the third challenge here is going to be testing three different positioning options at once for the detailing shop software. Right now, we can actually go multiple different ways with this one. And what we are seeing is that it's not very easy to understand which one is the best because one has more calls, fewer sales, another one has way fewer calls. Uh one has a lot of calls, few sales, another one has many uh few the other way around and the third one is uh somewhere in between and it's not just one clear winner. And because of that, I think we're going to continue with multiple more rounds of AB tests while removing those ads which are currently bringing us some lower quality people in. Since this is going out to detailing shops, we're heavily relying on instant form campaigns. And um in order to succeed with this one, one very important rule for you is to maintain a 5 to 10 minute No, to maintain an under 5 minute call back time to the leads who are opting in. Interestingly, one of my most successful clients I've ever worked with, one of my coolest case studies on this channel with the guy collecting more than 1.6 mil within a year. As they kept scaling their sales team, they were able to maintain a call back time meaning calling back to leads in under 3 minutes. Period. And now interesting to draw parallels here that the person who I've seen One of the people who I've seen make the most money with me was also very diligent in terms of how um how much how dialed in they were when it came down to like sales operations and like making sure that you call back people quickly because even again, Hermosi talks about it that um you cutting down call back time in your business in half I think it was um it's just it's like different examples he shared and I've also seen this numerous times. Uh so, the numbers I've seen was basically one time there was a business doing something like 200, 300k a month. And there was an sales operations advisor like revenue ops advisor who started working with them, another friend of mine. And he helped them shorten the callback time from approximately 20 to 30 minutes down to 3 5 minutes. And this enabled them to go from like 250 a month to 500 600k a month within just couple months. It was like a crazy impact. So if right now it's taking you significant time to get back to your leads, just so you know, you might earn three to four times amount of money if you stop being lazy and start looking into your callback time period. Um and another biggest mistake which I've seen across 100% of SaaS funnels recently is going to be not optimizing them or your VSL on the site for problem aware high intent buyers. So the wrong way for you to approach your VSL is to just yap about your product and click through a few features. Nearly every single product demo I see is like that. The right way to do it though is to have two different parts in it. One being a mini VSL which is usually under 2 minutes or 1 minute. And then you have the extended part which is 8 to 12 minutes. This allows you to capture high intent motivated buyers early instead of making them or forcing them to spend 10 minutes watching a video having many of them drop off. You want to be optimizing your business for people who want to buy now. Imagine if someone is looking to I don't know is looking for an let's say an a lawyer and they've got an urgent case they need an issue with. And now they go on two different sites. In one on one side they get all the information they need within 1 minute in a video offer process social proof call to action something like that. And I help out my clients with a more like specific version of this entire script when I work with them. And then a different law like law firm would be saying, "Oh, before we before we dare to give you a booking option, you must watch this 15-minute video." Of course, the guy will just say, "Eff it. I'll book with the first one because by the time he would finish watching this VSL and all the must-see resources, he has already wired the transfer to the first one. So, you don't want to be the one who's missing all these opportunities who are the like the hungriest for your solution. And interestingly enough, I've designed my program tailored I've designed my program such way to be helping a lot of B2B SaaS founders reposition and rethink what they're doing so that they start capturing this highest intent opportunities within their market because so far from thousands of founders I've seen, I believe this is just one of the most insane levers to pull every single time. Since so many people are trying to do a lot of selling instead of just capturing the existing demand which is out there using ad algorithms. So, yeah. And of course, this is proven to generate a lot more bookings regardless of the market. I've tested it with clients, I don't know, a big number of times. I've I'm yet to see a single time when yapping and clicking through features performed better than having two chunks of the VSL. The terrible mistake number two which I want to share with you is how I saw a founder make changes to campaigns two to three times a week for multiple weeks and he was working in a cell on a solution for local businesses charging about $400 a month. So, he got afraid of high cost per lead in his campaign because he was also doing instant forms. And just so you know, this is like a complete vanity metric and as long as you are break even or profitable on your customer acquisition cost within 30 days of signing a customer, please just spend more instead of killing your campaigns because performance of a successful campaign got dropped as a result of this I would say stupid decision because the founder never zoomed out to run the actual numbers properly. And it was so disappointing to see because um and I can understand why this occurred because when you are in the trenches and when you are getting a bunch of unqualified leads, you're getting a bunch of um I'm sure I like no shows and stuff like this. This is like so much noise for you to process that when you don't have anyone by your side to help you like calm down and run the actual numbers you may kill the campaign too early. And yeah, I mean I'm just disappointing for me. Uh because if the person was to zoom out, he would see that they're still about break even in terms of like let's say they would be spending 200 bucks to acquire a customer, which would then be bringing them uh okay, let's say 400 bucks to acquire a customer and um making $400 a month in return from them. All you need to do is spend 100k on ads which would get you which would get you uh 100,000 divided by 400 which would get you 250 people paying. 250 paying times 400 Yeah, fantastic math I'm doing now. Getting late for me. Um Anyways, if you are breaking even on the first month's payment from someone, just spend more and keep stacking these recurring payments because unless your product is awful and you're scamming people into paying, usually they would stay with you for at least like 3-4 months allowing you to start collecting some LTV and become an owner of a very appealing software business. Appreciate you watching this video. If you want to apply for my advisory, go to saascamp.com to do that because I would love to help you out so you don't make all the endless mistakes there are to be made and because so much stuff has been already Um so much ad spend has been burnt for you by others that I really don't want you to make all the mistakes with your own pockets. Um I mean, happy for you if they're deep enough for that, but there are levels to the game and the higher up you go, usually the more costly they become. And if you want to discover more of chunks or gems like this uh from me, you can do that by joining my Telegram channel and also by signing up to my newsletter and I'll drop the links to each of them nearby. Again, thanks for watching and talk soon.
