# Building an AI Startup as a 25 y/o entrepreneur - How to validate your idea

Creator: Matteo Isenburg
Date: 2026-03-22
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ki5scjChpaA

## Transcript

Guys, Matteo here and today I want to give you guys a bit of an update with our AI startup. What we've been doing in the past weeks and what I'm doing today Saturday here in Munich, Germany. So in the past weeks basically we have been kind of locked in with customers and product which for me are two most important things. I'm focusing on the business side of the startup. So I'm just like customers, customers, customers. We don't have the product live yet. So we're still in stealth, we're still building. And so my job right now is really to focus with customer conversations. And about this I was reading guys this book. It's called The Mom Test. It's an amazing book and it talks about how to validate your startup, your business and startup idea. Founders make the mistake of starting pitching their idea like, "Oh, we're building X for Y, right?" And then they're trying to seek validation. "Oh, this is a great idea. Oh, I would buy for that blah blah blah." This is guy nonsense and complete useless. When you hop on a call with your ICP, your ideal customer persona, your prospect, your future customer, you don't want to talk about your product, especially if it is not ready yet. You want to talk about your prospect life, their problems, what they're facing on a day-to-day. You don't want to pitch your product and this book again Mom Test talks about this very well. And some of the takeaways and I want to share this with you guys are for example good and bad questions to ask when you are on those kind of conversation, especially if you're building something in B2B like like I am. Guys, quick change of scenery in beautiful Munich. So I wanted to share with you guys what are some of the types of good and bad questions that you can ask on a conversation with your potential prospect if you are building software specifically. So an example of bad question is if you're on a call, you pitch your idea directly and then you ask, "What do you think about this idea?" Why this is a bad question? This is a bad question because we are not trying to seek any kind of compliment and validation. We want to understand if what we're building actually solves a problem for the customer. And this is a bad question because you will you know, attract compliments to your product and solution, you know. Typically customers will tell you, "Hey, you know, what you're building is is great. Keep it up. Blah blah blah." That's complete useless. It doesn't mean that they will pay somehow someday. Another type of bad question is something like, "Would you buy a product that would do X or would you buy this solution?" Or again, "How much would you pay for this?" These are all bad questions because these are hypothetical questions and it doesn't make sense. Prospect will most probably tell you a lie or you know, maybe a white lie, but this is not the truth. So you don't want to ask these kind of hypothetical questions, but it's better to focus on the present and also on the past of what they did to solve that problem. So for example, it makes much more sense to ask, "How are you currently solving this problem? How much time does this cost you?" Or "How much money is this costing you today?" Rather than asking, you know, how much would you pay for a solution. So you want to really understand, you know, how much time your prospect is is losing on the problem you're trying to solve, how much is it costing to them and also if they already looked for a solution because most probably if they haven't looked for any solution yet, well, that could be a red flag because it means that for your customer or for your prospect what you're trying to build is not really a problem yet. So for example, it's a great signal if a prospect already started looking for a solution, but they weren't able to find exactly what they needed or what's already in the market is not satisfying their needs as they wish. Because again, it's better to enter a market that is already existent and is already proven to have demand rather than trying to create a complete new one that maybe doesn't have any kind of demand at the end. So guys, now time to go grab a coffee in one of my favorite spots in Munich and I have a bunch of work to do for today. Again, customers focused. So I'm going to have a couple of customer meetings. I will do some outreach to have new conversation in the pipeline and also I have to prepare for an important investor meeting that I'm going to have next week. Guys, if you are here in Munich, come to Bar Milano. Best Italian place in Munich. Guys, for me the only coffee can be espresso. >> [music] >> Okay guys, so I'm here in the coffee shop and I have just done a bunch of outreach for next week and also I was reading through again all the notes that I have taken the past conversation with prospects I talked to. This is extremely important because I have to communicate to my co-founder exactly what is needed in the product and what is not. And also, you know, the key features that we have to focus on. And through this conversation I was reading through the notes again, I realized how much I'm learning every time something new, right? About what is important and what is not important to customers. So I really don't want to be so attached to what we are doing right now and I can't wait to tell you guys exactly what we're doing, but because I want to make sure that we really build something that customers really need. Not something that is a nice to have, but something that really is necessary for our customers. We're building in the marketing tech space and yeah, each conversation has brought me new insights and I starting to see after, you know, 15-20 conversations patterns of things that are important to customers that maybe at first we didn't feel they were important and also vice versa, right? So yeah, super super important. Right now I'm preparing myself for the upcoming investor meeting next week. I'm going to have this conversation with a pretty important VC, so venture capital firm based in Switzerland and I want to give you, you know, a bit of insights and what I'm doing this kind of conversation. So to make it clear, we are not fundraising yet. What my goal right now with investors is to have, you know, a couple of conversations here and there to understand more about the VC industry and the VC game and at the same time qualify what would be the right investor and right partner for our company. So yeah, the kind of conversations that I want to have right now, let's say are informal conversations to understand better how they VC invest, what they're looking for in a company and you know, understand maybe more about, you know, who's behind the the VC. And I think this is also important for, you know, investors because they want to get to know founders a bit earlier than when they invest, establish a relationship. At the end business is about trust and it's about building key relationship. I learned this in sales and I see this both, you know, when it comes to, you know, startup SMB sales and this is way more important when it this enterprise sales. So bigger deals, more strategic deals and this is really a very very similar. So it's really about, you know, down the line, not at this stage yet, but having a pipeline of investors, building relationship with them and really yeah building trust at the end of the day and if you see there's a good fit, the investment can come. So I have noted down a bunch of questions that I'm asking to VC at this stage in these informal conversations. To give you guys some concrete examples, some of the questions that I'm asking are first of all, which kind of industry and industries does this investor invest in because there are for example VCs that invest only in deep tech, in cyber security or whatever. So vertical VCs and there are also generalist venture capital firms. Also want to understand what is the average valuation these firms are investing at pre-seed stage. This is very important. Also, the average ticket size, so the average, you know, cash that they give to founders at a pre-seed stage. And consequently, with this information, the average valuation and ticket size, uh I can understand what is the expected equity dilution of founders. So, how much, you know, the investor would take of the company uh percentage-wise, and consequently, how much would the uh would it rest remain to founders, and so the consequent dilution. Also, I want to understand a bit more the quantitative metrics that these firms are looking at when it comes to investing. I know that when it comes to pre-seed, it's mostly looking at the founding team, but I still believe it's important to have, you know, good quantitative metrics to to show to investors. And some other points are like the equity vesting period for founders, liquidation preferences, and a bunch of other uh information that is relevant to to know. Um uh and yeah, so this is uh pretty much the kind of conversations that I'm doing. Last week, I had a very interesting one with an Italian VC. As we are three Italian co-founders, and I right now spread across Europe, there are VC scouts that, you know, travel across uh Europe for each VC firm. In this case, it was from an Italian firm, and you know, try to scout potential. So, uh in this case, we get into contact with this uh VC scout for an Italian firm, and we had a kind of good conversation last week. Uh and this upcoming week, I'm going to have this one with this uh Swiss VC. Uh as two of my co-founders are currently based in Zurich, Switzerland, it's also good to, you know, talk with um Swiss VCs in this case. I am based in here in Munich, Germany, but uh I haven't proactively reached out to any German VC at this stage um because really my focus right now, and I want to make this clear, is really customers and product. Yes, investors can be important. Say that 90% of our time at this stage should be customers and product, and the rest 10% of course is to establish those key relationship with, you know, future partners and investors, uh because capital is is very important, right? Capital is one of the leverages that entrepreneurs get access, and capital is important to accelerate something that is working. So, I want to make something that actually works, and um really is game-changer for our customers, and capital will eventually accelerate our growth. Guys, I hope you enjoyed this uh video. Uh please let me know down in the comments if you want more content about our startup. Um I'm pretty new to, you know, vlogging, so um I'm still learning how to do it uh properly. Uh but yeah, I'm happy to share with you guys the journey. Uh yeah, leave I'll leave a comment down below, and subscribe to the channel for more, and see you on to the next video.
