# 29 Minutes of Expert Cold Calling Secrets (B2B & Software Sales)

Creator: Matteo Isenburg
Date: 2026-02-01
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BeZ_bUcsmQ

## Transcript

Cold calling is the number one way to book meetings and is the skill that separates average reps from top sales performers. And let's be honest, most of the advice out there isn't helping you book more meetings simply because it's not coming from day-to-day sales professionals. My name is Matio and I currently work in the sales team of one of the biggest tech companies in the world. And today I'm giving you a complete cold calling masterass. I'll break down for you all the secrets and techniques that I use every single day to consistently book meetings [music] and that top sales reps in worldclass tech companies use to consistently fill their calendar and sales pipeline. Well, first of all, you may be wondering if I can send out thousands of emails, you know, with outreach tools or hundreds of LinkedIn messages on autopilot, why should I manually call call people and prospects? Well, the reality is that cold calling is still and will continue to be in my opinion the most effective way to book meeting in your calendar. And the reason is that it's actually hard to do cold calling, right? It's not easy and just a few sales rep do it the right way. And cold calling works extremely well because it's human. And I'm not talking about AI cold calling because that's probably not going to work at this stage. you have to, you know, use your own voice and use your own emotional connection to the prospect in order to close the meeting. And cold calling is direct because you don't have to wait days, weeks, or even months for a prospect to get back to you if they just need to pick up the phone. And if you do it the right way is a zero BS method, meaning you're not bullshitting the prospect, but you're actually providing value in the call call. Be respectful. And this is the way that professionals use to consistently book meetings. And if you have to picture call calling in your mind, you can see cold calling as a professional sport. And like a professional sport, what you need to become better and better every single day, week, month is volume or repetition. So consistently cold calling and technique and adjustments that you use every single month to become better. But you the important thing is that you don't stop the action. Right? So from going zero to one, the most important thing is just to pick up the phone and start calling. And in a second, I'll share with you the exact secrets that you can implement to be successful from day one. To me, it's funny to see that most sales gurus out there will start telling you the the only thing that you need is a good script and good tonality. The reality in the sales world and especially in B2B high ticket complex uh deals is that when you call there are variables that affect your cold calling rate and these variables are very important to know and you have to understand these variable deeply uh before you confront any of your results with others people result. So what do I mean by that? When you work in B2B sales, there are three things that affect your call calling performance even before scripts and tonality. And the three things are territory, customer segment and contact enrichment strategy. So first of all, the territory it's very different if you call call in Germany or if you call call in the US. For example, Germans are much more privacy oriented than US people. And what this means is that when you call that the pickup rate in the US is typically much higher than the one that you have in Germany because on average you know if German see you know a call from a random number they won't pick up or it's much harder from them to pick up and so this affects your pickup rate your uh you know meetings booked and the pipeline created also when you're calling in a territory what is required in most sales team and this is why you'll see you know all job posting requiring This is the language of the country you're calling to. Typically, they require, you know, being native in the language of your territory, especially if you're calling SMBs and enterprise. If you're calling digital native companies, for example, I'm working with digital native customers, startup, scaleups, and uh these kind of companies, English is enough because it's, you know, the main language across borders. But typically if you're selling to SMBs and mid-market or enterprise traditional organizations you will be required you know German if you are calling in Germany, Portuguese if you're calling in Portugal, English if you're calling in the US or UK, Ireland and uh you know Italian if you're calling in Italy. So you have to keep that in mind. Then your customer segment. So how you call call in B2B is very different on how to call in B2C. For example, I see many concurren now going viral uh that I think are very good that are selling insurance uh in the US. But you know this kind of sales is B2C. So the kind of framework that you will see you know this call current selling insurance in the US to consumers is very different from what you use in in B2B if you're selling to SMBs uh mid-market organizations or enterprise. So you have to adapt your script and how you say things and how you communicate depending on your segment and also you have to keep in mind that the larger the organization the harder is to get in touch with the direct decision maker. So for example if I'm you know selling insurance and I'm calling a consumer I'm talking directly to the decision maker and so you'll see those pitches be more aggressive. But for example, if you're selling enterprise deals, multi-million dollar deals in enterprise, typically you won't be able to call directly the CEO, the one who takes the decision for the specific department to buy your software solution. You will have multiple people before that you connect to, the so-called gatekeepers that you need to persuade so that you can enter in contact with the ultimate decision maker. And sometimes you won't know exactly who is the exact decision maker before you talk with a bunch of gatekeepers. The smaller the organization, the easier will be for you to find the right content and contact directly uh the decision maker. For example, if you're selling something technological, you try to call directly a co and he will be more reachable than a CTO of a you know 2,000 employee company. So to clarify, you shouldn't use the script that you see like in B2C for B2B because it's very different. So you have to understand what you are selling and your customer segment first before you draft any script and understand you know all the tips and tricks that you can use. And the third thing that will affect your strategy even before scripts and tonality is [snorts] your contact enrichment strategy because at the end of the day the numbers of your meetings booked and the pipeline that you generate also depend a lot on the quality of numbers that you find. If you call a 100 shitty numbers, well, guess what? You won't have any pickups and you'll think that your strategy sucks. So, you need to make sure that you have good numbers. And to do so, there are dozens of contact enrichment tools out there. Some of the most famous, and I'm not sponsored by them, are for example, Lucian and Apollo. You can find pretty good numbers on those tools. However, you have to keep in mind that some tool perform better for some geographic regions than others. For example, you might have a tool that has very good numbers because has a lot of data and databases for US companies and US prospects, but actually it's not very good for EU. Or vice versa, you might have a tool that is very good in finding numbers for EU or more specifically, let's say, German and Italian companies, but not very good for US. So my recommendation is to try out multiple stores tools until you find the one that clicks for your exact territory. So having said that guys in my experience I found out some principles, secrets and scripts that work in any market, any industries and that you can apply successfully to almost any segment. So in my experience, what I've seen working the best is calling right after lunch around 2:00 p.m. So early afternoon. And why is that? Because people in the morning are typically focused on what they have to achieve during the day. So they are not very responsive and reactive when you call. Actually they get very annoyed and disturbed. Imagine you have you are like in your morning focus and you get calls is annoying. You don't want to receive calls in the morning. Uh if it's too early some people say to call C level executives when they commute. I don't find that working very well to be honest. uh because you know people want to have a bit of quiet time during the day and if you call then directly at you know 8:00 a.m. honestly sucks and during the morning they have you know focus meetings and it's just not a good time to call in my opinion. So what I suggest you try is call directly after lunch. Also during lunch could work but I think from 2 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. or let's say to 2:00 p.m. to 400 p.m. can work very well. Why? Because people after lunch are typically way more distracted and they will pick up the phone much easier and also they'll stay on the phone for longer because you know they are out of their focus zone because they just had lunch or in the so-al lunch uh slump time and so they'll stay on the phone longer. They'll also sometimes enjoy having a talk. So, I find it much more successful to call between, you know, 1:30 p.m. to 3 p.m. Uh, please adjust this based on the time that people typically have lunch in your uh geographic region and let me know how this works. Number two, you want to be prepared when you call. And for a great preparation, you need two things. First of all, good contacts. And we already talked about that. So, make sure you have a good contact enrichment tool. So, you make sure you have good contacts and you're calling the right people. You don't want to, you know, spam call the wrong people. So get good phone numbers in. And second of all, you want to have strong context. And when I say strong context is it uh is because I see many sales reps that just call some accounts just because they are in their territory or just because you know you want to tackle them, but you actually didn't take the time to research a bit before about the company you're talking to or you know you're just you know spam calling hundreds of people, right? That is not effective. So make sure you prepare. And when I talk about preparation, there are three different points that you can prepare. If you're doing enterprise sales, uh you have to do more preparation and more research up front than if you were to doing SMBs. So smaller number of accounts and less people to contact, make sure you double down on research. If you have, you know, a big territory, you know, thousands of accounts to call, try to find one thing that is quite common between territory and the accounts so that you can use that as your research to use in the call. So for good preparation I give you some alternatives. So first of all you can research about the project they're working on or you can find news about company achievement like funding new market expansion or product launch. But my favorite and I think this is the best to use is use a problem or challenge that you know that you have research and you know it's recurring across the industry. And this is the best in my opinion value point to point out a problem in this industry and uh digging down on that to make sure that the prospect remains engaged and is the best way to earn trust with the prospect because he feels that you understand his industry and his problems. And third tip before dialing is making sure you're calling from a quiet space. I see, you know, those sales floors with hundreds of reps or, you know, imagine when you pick up the phone and you get a sales call and you immediately hear that so disturbing noisy background that you realize immediately before the rep has even started speaking that that is a sales call and it's a you know call center or whatever. So that immediately uh puts you in a low ticket you know kind of 10 bucks a month kind of product someone wants to sell something for your phone. to make sure you're calling from a quiet space. This really guys, it's a small thing but makes a whole different calling from a quiet space. The prospect can feel you your call as a you know professional call and you are positioning yourself as someone that is selling high ticket complex software products or B2B high ticket products and not just you know five bucks a month kind of products and the prospect won't have the feeling that you are spamming people and say hey this is mate blah blah blah. So you don't want to call from a noisy environment. I know sometimes it's hard because if you work in a company with a lot of sales reps, it's noisy. But if you make sure to find a spot that you can call quietly, guys, this will make a huge difference. Okay, guys. Now, let's jump into some scripts that you can use effectively from day one to book meetings. Remember that when you're calling, your goal is not to sell anything, but just book a meeting. You want to sell on a meeting. you want to understand more depending on how complex the solution that you are selling is. You may require one meeting, two meetings, three meetings. Uh typically, you know, one to two meetings is enough. But the goal of the cold call is not to sell anything. So don't pitch like really don't pitch. Probably the most important tip that I can give to you. Don't pitch. Now let's jump into some of the scripts that I use and that I crafted for you that you can just replicate from day one. So guys, I want to give you multiple so-called openers so that you can test multiple of them and find the one that fits you. So the first opener that I wanted to give you guys is what I call permission first. So the script goes as the following. Hey, this is Matio from Cloud Nova. Am I speaking with name from company? And the prospect most probably will say yes. Who's talking? But you get the first yes in and then you go like I'll keep this super brief. Would you have just one minute for us to talk? So guys, let me give you a real example. Hey, this is Matio from Cloud Nova. Am I speaking with Daniel from Inside Flow? Uh, yes. What do you want? Great. I'd keep this super brief. Would you have just one minute for us to talk? So, this opener, in my experience, works very well because typically you get two yeses in a row. And when you get two yeses in a row, the prospect's subconscious is now positive to receive your messages. And why do you get two yeses in a row? And the thing is that because you're asking first of all if the name is correct and if you get the right number the the name will be correct and then you ask for permission and this is very important because you see hundreds of sales reps that start pitching as soon as they get you know the first confirmation like is this Daniel from inside flow they will just start pitching and propose their solution. Here you set yourself apart because you are very respectful of their time and you are actually not pitching anything and you actually will trick curiosity because you ask if they if the prospect has just one minute to talk and I guarantee you that a lot of time and people will tell you like something that they have just you know 20 seconds or 30 seconds and once they tell you that it's great because you'll see that most times they'll stay with you on the phone for two to three minutes. So when they'll tell you like hey I mean I have just you know five or 10 seconds uh they'll actually ended up in the call for 1 minute and you will have earned the time. So they will pay much more attention to what you say after rather than if you were trying to pitch right after. The second opening that I wanted to give you guys is what I call permission plus context and it goes as the following. Hi name, I just read about relevant topic. My name is Matio from Cloud Nova. Do you mind if I take one minute? I'll explain exactly why doubt and then you can tell me if it makes sense to chat. And here's a real example with our prospect Tom from a fintech company. Hey Tom, I just read the news about your new partnership with the Visa for the US market. My name is Matio from Cloud Nova. Do you mind if I take one minute? I'll explain exactly why I reached out and you can tell me if it makes sense to have a chat. So this opener is also very good. It's similar to the first one. So meaning you always ask for permission but you give a bit more context and you use a trigger from you know a news or something that you have read about the company to give more relevance and context to your call. So opener number three is very tactical and you'll be amazed on how much this works and is what I call we spoke before and we are assuming that we spoke before with the prospect even if that didn't happen. So it goes as the following. Hey name this is Matio from Cloud Nova. We spoke x months ago. So let's take in a real example with Jonas from anchart tech company. Hey Jonas, this is Matio from Cloud Nova. We actually spoke three months ago and you told me to call you back and you stop here. And the interesting thing is that as prospect gets a lot of calls, even if they haven't heard about you before, they will assume that you actually have already called them, right? And they will say like, "Hi, Mateo. Yes, I remember." But they won't remember. And this works very well because typically people tell you to call again in the future and you'll use the exact objection and way out that prospect use to jump out from a call as your main starting point. And so now the prospect will feel like they have to listen to you at least for one minute what you are about to say. Now after the opener, let's jump into the value framework part. And for this part, as I told you before, I really like to use a common challenge that I know the industry and companies are facing. So the script goes as the following. I'm reaching out because I speak with a lot of ICP roles at company type who are dealing with key scenario. One thing I keep hearing is relevant challenge. Is that something you are seeing on your side too? And guys, let me give you a bunch of examples that you can use for multiple industries. So uh let's take for example a fintech example or a fintech company. You could say something like I'm reaching out because I speak with a lot of cos at B2B fintech companies that are scaling their transaction volume. One thing I keep hearing is that performance becomes unpredictable during peak hours. Is that something you are seeing on your side too? Or let's take a traditional SAS company. I speak with many VPs of engineering at early stage SAS companies. A common theme is that infrastructure costs tend to grow faster than revenue in the first scaling phase. Is that something you are noticing too? Or let's take a manufacturing example. I'm reaching out because I speak with a lot of digital transformation leads in manufacturing and a consistent challenge is getting realtime visibility across machines and production lines. Is that something you are dealing with as well? And this value part again works very well because you're pointing out something that you know the industry has challenges with and you're not pitching anything. You don't pitch anything. Right guys remember this. Don't pitch anything. So you'll send out from the crowd of sales reps that start pitching directly. So if they say yes to the problem that you have pointed out for the industry, your goal now is to book the meeting. And the best thing is to book the slot live on the call. So you don't want to arrange it via email, but the goal should be to book it straight on the call. The first approach that you can use is to propose two time zones that work for you. So you could say something like, "Got it, and this is exactly why I'm calling. Would it make sense for us to have a 15inut chat later on this week, for example, on Thursday at 3 p.m. or Friday at 10:00 a.m.? I could walk you through the exact steps that cos at B2B fintech companies are doing to stabilize performance during peak transaction loads." Or a second variation for this could be mean that you're speaking with the VP of operations. Perfect. I could walk you through the exact steps that VPs of operations at B2B SAS companies are taking to tackle this problem. What about Thursday at 10:30 a.m. or Friday at 2 p.m.? Would that work for you? So, if they agree on a slot or they tell you like, "No, like Thursday at 10:30 a.m. doesn't work, but could work like at 4 p.m. Great. Now you have secured the meeting and you'll ask directly for the email to uh confirm that the prospect received the slot live on the call. But most of the time you'll hear the prospect saying something like hey just send me an email. We're recording it there. And that is like a very common objection. And and what you want to do in this situation is yes send an email but with a calendar place directly. So, you could say something like, "Sure, I'll send you a quick calendar place right after this call along with a few other options that could work on my end." If the placeholder doesn't work, please let me know which other slot could fit your calendar. And then you want to ask for their email to send their calendar to. And always confirm the spelling of the email so you make sure you have the right one. And sending a place order uh rather than just you know random slots is is very important because the prospect will see it in their in will in his calendar and now they will feel you that they have at least to respond to you on that random place sorry that will tell you 90% of the time the play that you will send will have to be changed but at least you'll get another slot because you agreed uh that he would communicate to you uh a slot that could fit his schedule. Okay guys, but now let's be real. A lot of time the prospect could tell you that he's not actually seeing the problem that you mentioned in the value framework. So what you could say is something like no problem at all out of curiosity what's the biggest challenge you are facing in their area right now maybe I can point you in a helpful direction or or an easier one that I really like got it Mark thank you for sharing just for me to understand better if you could improve one thing tomorrow in your operations department what would that be and this is a great question because you actually directly open the floor to the prospect to tell you what is a problem that they are facing right now. And if you realize that the problem that the prospect now tells you is something that actually your product can solve, then you want to try to dig more with more follow-up questions. But if you realize that the problem that you know the prospect brings up is something actually not relevant with your product, that's also a great learning and you just want to move on and maybe tweak a bit your ICP because you learned that probably you didn't actually call the right person. And when it comes to the follow-up questions, you want to dig and double down on the exact problem that the prospect just told you. So don't come back on your old script. Just stick to what the prospect is telling you. And this will show active listening. And active listening is such a skill that is so underrated but so powerful in the modern age because people now have attention spans as monkeys. They're not listening to what other people are are saying. And if you actually show that you are able to adapt and listen to what the prospect says, this goes a long way. And what I always suggest sales reps and people that ask me about sales is to listen more than what you talk. So listen, listen, listen. Active listening is such an important skill. Talk less. If you're not sure about what to say, just shut up and listen what the prospect is telling you. And I guarantee you this will go a long way. Now guys, I want to give you some sauce regarding tonality because tonality is such important especially because the person cannot see you. So they will just hear your tone and sometimes the tone is much more important on what you say. So the number one thing in cold calling is to have a slow pace when talking and not a fast-paced overly excited uh tonality. So you want to stay low, calm and relaxed, slow and clear words instead of like speaking fast and be overly excited. So now guys, let me give you a quick example using uh the open that we have uh used before, right? So let's spot the difference. Hey, this is Matio from Cloud Nova. Am I speaking with Daniel from inside flow? Great. Would you have just one minute for us to talk instead of a professional sales rep? Hey, this is Matio from Cloud Nova. Am I speaking with Daniel from Inside Flow? Great. I'll be super brief. Would you have just one minute for us to talk? Can you spot the difference? Like the second version sounds much more professional than the first one that seems like a newbie sales even if the script was the same. So tonality really goes a long way. And sometimes you can and and if you want to practice this, you can overly exaggerate and be super slow when you call prospects, right? Because if you are very slow uh and you say words in a clear way, uh your message sounds much more professional and it really sets you apart. So if you are calling from a quiet environment, you speak slowly and you speak with a low confident tonality. This will position yourself as a premium seller and open doors for you. Now when it comes to cold calling routine, my suggestion for you is to try call almost every day from Monday to Friday, but not like calling like eight hours per day. It doesn't make sense. So it's better to call you know one to two hours uh every single day than calling you know eight hours straight for one day and not calling for the other four. So you want to in at least try to enjoy a bit the journey. So it also doesn't make sense for me to call like four hours every single day from Monday to Friday because you will start hating cold calling. Uh you will start hating rejection. So keep your best energies for cold calling because if you have good energy, good intention and you are prepared for calling your results really skyrocket. So try to keep your call calling session you know 1.5 to two hours per day and keep one hour to do account research and contact enrichment for the next day. So you have prepared your batch of accounts that you'll be calling the next day. So you don't want to do the research and the contact enrichment the same day that you are calling. It's always better to be prepared and fresh with accounts that you prepared the day before so you can tackle your day and start getting those meetings in. So guys, now let me share with you some of the numbers that you can use to compare your results to. So top BDRs and SDR calling, especially I'm talking about now the SMB segment. So not enterprise companies but small medium businesses, you can aim from something like from 80 to 100 dials per day. So it doesn't mean connected calls but just dials. So picking up the phone and dialing I would say 80 dials per day is very good. And uh as booking rate you know 1 to 2% is an average. So if you're booking you know 1 to 2% of your 80 dials it's an average result but you can aim for better. 4% I would say is a very good result and above 5% you are top performer. So, if you can achieve a 5% booking rate with $80 per day, you're doing very, very well. And I guarantee you that if you apply the scripts and all the tips in tonality, account research, planning, and context that I gave you, you can achieve the about 5% uh booking rate. So, try everything out and let me know in the comments down below. Quick parenthesis on enterprise calling. So if you're selling to enterprise as we said number of dials is is less your booking rate maybe is you know 2% which is already great because you'll have gatekeepers you know people that will refer to other people for a gatekeeper could be like a secretary of the CEO so you're not able to directly talk with the CEO uh of the company or the CTO whatever um so uh you can lower these numbers as expectations if you're doing for example enterprise sales also The number of dials per day really depends on how you set up your business. So, for example, if you're working in tech sales and you are an SDR BDR, uh you'll have the majority of your time doing call outreach because that's mainly your role. If you are, you know, a one person uh business, you maybe you're running an agency, you want more clients or you have, you know, a consulting business or you are a lean team, you know, 10 people and you are the CEO doing the sales and doing also uh service delivery. Of course, you can't spend all your time calling, right? So, it's better to have, you know, just maybe $30 per day. So, less than $80 to $100 per day, more research and more context and use the rest part of your day to actually manage your business with service delivery, managing the team, uh invoices and whatever you need, right? Uh because at the end of the day, if you are, you know, uh business owner, one person business owner or if I have a small team, uh you're not just a full-time SDR or BDR. So you can do cold calling and that's great because that will be the fastest way to get meetings booked for you and get deals in. But the reality is that you'll have you'll need also a bunch of time to run your business. So that so that's totally fine. So my message for you guys is that cold calling is simple but not easy. Lots of people overthink it. Lots of people don't take actions and won't go past the first 20 calls and first and 20 rejections. And this is exactly why cold calling works because it's uncomfortable. People don't want to do it. People prefer to send thousands of emails or hundreds of LinkedIn messages. But I guarantee you that if you master this skill, your sales pipeline and sales results will skyrocket. So make sure you take action. Don't try to be perfect, but just do it and tweak your strategy along the way. So guys, I hope you really enjoyed this video. Please make sure you subscribe to the channel if you're interested into more sales topics. And let me know in the comments down below if you're implementing all these strategies. Uh what are your results? I'm curious to know. And see you onto the next
