# pov: building an AI startup in Munich as a 25 y/o entrepreneur

Creator: Matteo Isenburg
Date: 2026-02-14
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqXlrKXNGZQ

## Transcript

Hey guys, Sunday here in Munich, Germany. So, time to focus on my startup. I'm currently building a B2B SAS for marketing teams. I'm not alone in the project because I have two great co-founders. Unfortunately, they're based in Switzerland, so we're not in the same location, but we are all three Italians uh just spread across Europe. And um as I come with a B2B sales background, my focus is bringing the first customers in. My co-founders are two great engineers. So, they are building the product and we actually have an MVP ready, very simple MVP, but it's, you know, good enough to start talking with potential customers. So, what I'm going to do right now, uh, I'm going to jump on my computer straight away. Uh, I will reach out one by one to people that I have already selected in the past days in our ICP, so ideal customer persona to book a meeting with them. Um it's not going to be easy because no we are still in stealth. So uh you know we have no branding nothing we're just starting from scratch. The goal is to have these kind of conversation which are not sales conversation directly but are actually I would say discovery/demos meaning uh in those meetings I will conduct a part of discovery trying to dig down onto you know what are the challenges that these uh marketing teams are facing and then show our MVP get straight feedback so that we can iterate our product fast and make it better. So, um, let's get to work. So, guys, just completed the outreach session for the day. Just to give you a bit more context, you know, what I'm using for outreach. As I'm building a B2B sales and I want to reach out to people in B2B, I have to use LinkedIn. And LinkedIn is the main, you know, social network and social platform for professionals across the board. And you know almost everyone is on LinkedIn nowadays and if you play the LinkedIn game right you can reach out to your exact prospects and customers. So this is exactly what I'm doing. So I'm building lists for myself of people inside my ICP um that I want to target and then I'm reaching out to them directly through uh through messages and connections. But booking meeting is not easy at all as both myself and my co-founders are still working full-time. So you know we have to reach out during weekends which is the moment where um you know LinkedIn has the least engagement and activity because professional mostly use LinkedIn during weekdays and also um you know we don't have any kind of branding uh and name yet um so it's just you know our product and our faces basically. Um, and what I learned across my outbound experience in sales is that, uh, if you want to play the LinkedIn outreach game the right way, you have to sound not salesy at all. I'm sure if you have a LinkedIn profile, uh, you get, you know, bombarded with, you know, offers, messages, and people that straight, you know, pitch you something without even, you know, establish a genuine connection. So what I always do is first try to start this genuine connection and then you know invite them to have a conversation but every time it's super personalized and it people can tell I'm manually uh writing every single uh you know outreach on LinkedIn especially in this early phase where I want to have direct contact with our first you know potential users and customers. uh because my goal as I was mentioning before is to schedule this kind of conversation that I would call discovery/demos where I deep dive into the problems that these marketing professionals that I'm targeting face on a day-to-day basis and I show our solution. So our software a very simple MVP and my goal is not to sell at this stage but it's really to get feedback also on the product so we can iterate fast on what is important for the customer. So this is pretty much what I'm doing. Hey guys, exciting stuff about Outreach. I have two meetings booked for next week. It didn't come from the outreach that I've just done, but actually from uh nurturing closing the meeting of outreach that I have started a couple of days ago because this is the reality of you know booking meetings and setting outreach. It's not that you send a message and you book a meeting. You need some time to nurture the leads in order to you know establish a connection and you know set up a 30inut conversation. Um because you know prospect also have a busy life right so setting up 30 minute conversation is all is you know a time commitment especially when you don't have you know brand nothing on your back uh yet um so it's just starting from scratch. So very excited about this guys. So yeah guys now time to get a nice coffee outside. So let's go. Shitty weather, guys. Honestly, shitty weather. >> So guys, I'm here at the whiteboard as I want to show you which are my goals for the coming months uh for our company. And my ultimate goal at the end of the day is to build a lean B2B SAS. So what do I mean by that? As we are building in the eye space, I want to make sure we build a sustainable and profitable company in the future, right? And to do this, we have to do a lot with few resources. So, at the end of the day, uh to make a great company and a great software company, we need two things. An amazing product and consistent sales. So, that's pretty much it. If you have product, a great software, and sales in B2B, you you have a company, right? you have a real business. Um, and if we manage to get, you know, a great product and sales, we have the so-called product market fit. And I've been building with my co-founders for some months now and we have pivoted three ideas. Um, so we tried a bunch of stuff that eventually didn't work out. Uh, but now we think we are on the right path. Um and yeah that's pretty much uh the journey of the founder and this is why you hear a lot of you know professional investors and VC that say that they want to invest into the founders they want to invest into the people because ideas eventually can change but you have a strong co-founding team and you know um you just execute eventually you will make it so we have to keep executing and at the end of the day we need an amazing product and sales that's pretty much it and the goal that I set for us in terms of sales is to reach 10k MR bootstrapped. When I say bootstrapped means without external funding. So I think that we have to reach 10k MR before going to any investor to raise capital. Yes, you hear a lot of great funding rounds especially in the eye space where we are building. But I want to make sure we build something with a great product market fit and that has a large potential. So to do this, I want to make sure we get sales before raising any kind of capital. And at the end of the day, 10K MR, we can raise at much better conditions than if we were trying to raise, you know, preede round with no revenue. And it's something that doesn't interest me. So 10K MR bootstrap uh equivalish customers. And the question is, how do we get these customers? So first of all, we said we need an amazing product. And to do an amazing product, we have to keep talking to our prospect and to our uh future customers. So how do I plan to get 50 customers mainly using LinkedIn outreach? And I think LinkedIn is great because I can establish onetoone connections and I want to be super close to our first users and customers of our software. So I want to make sure I really understand their needs, their challenges and I want to make sure that our product is you know the right solution for them um for you know their marketing teams and so on. So LinkedIn I think is the best in this uh in this stage. So not scaling through email calling on any other outbound method. I'm really you know reaching out one by one establishing a connection eventually hopping on a meeting and have this kind of discovery demos where I understand you know uh where they stand in terms of you know needs and challenges and how our product can better support them. get as much feedback as possible, tell them to the, you know, to my co-founders so we can make the right adjustments and eventually um have a product that is so good for them that they really want to to pay to use it. So reaching 50 customers one by one, it takes a lot of time. I mean it would take a lot of time um especially in B2B. Um so what I have in mind is that we have to build something so great that you know for the first 25 customers that they can you know close one by one we get eventually some referrals. So the customer is so enthusiast about the product that is willing to refer to other marketing professionals and eventually we can you know give them a commission or something. Um so yeah LinkedIn outreach plus refers. Um so yeah this is pretty much uh the goal that I think makes sense for us. Um and yeah at the end of the day I want to make sure that when we raise capital because capital is important right it's a great leverage to expand and to grow something that already works and to go faster. But I want to make sure that bootstrap we managed to get a decent amount of revenue for the company. Um, so guys, I hope you like this uh kind of first vlog video that I'm trying to do for the startup that I'm building. Please let me know in the comments if you like this kind of content. I will try to uh to make more and uh also to become better uh in the time. Uh, and yeah, see you onto the next
