# Anthropic Just Changed Marketing Forever

Creator: Oleg Melnikov
Date: 2026-06-06
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNZN9a3CqQg

## Transcript

So, Anthropic just released this paper, which is called When AI builds itself. And it is all about self-improving AI systems that are helping them kind of speed up the research process even further. So, if in 2024, this was the amount of code that they were pushing and committing using AI, now it is 8x. So, AI is now helping like eight more times to develop itself within Anthropic research and development efforts. And I just thought, okay, how can we apply that to marketing? I am sure that we can do that, make the whole process self-improving, so you get, let's say, from 3x to 5x more output on the same amount of marketing efforts. Because marketing is all about testing new hypotheses, seeing how it works, and then improving over time. So, this video will be about content creation, ads, even email marketing, and cold outreach. It is all applicable, right? And just for the context, I'm running a content agency. For those who are new here, I'm helping B2B business owners to grow on LinkedIn with organic content. And here is one of my clients, Mike. He's running a $100 million B2B agency in the US, and we're handling his LinkedIn content. So, this is why you might want to listen to me. I have some level of experience when it comes to that. So, I prepared this Miro board with some of the ideas and brainstorm around this concept. So, my goal is to help you also integrate this kind of recursive self-improvement AI in your business. One of the other reasons why I decided to make this video is that Y Combinator, which is one of the biggest startup accelerators in the world, they started to drop videos about the same topics. How to build a self-improving company with AI. And here the guy is explaining how like you can create this closed loop within your company, so you don't need to be supervising what is going on. That if something goes wrong, it will auto-improve itself, and then the next day the problem is fully gone. Right? So, I really feel like this is the future. And we already had some of the these parts of the process integrated inside our agency. So, I'll just show you an example. Here is Christian. He's one of my clients. He's running also a B2B company in the US helping medical devices manufacturers get FDA approved. And we are handling his content. So, we're publishing multiple posts per week, and we always have to analyze, okay, this post performed that well, this amount of engagement. Okay, maybe these are the topics that are resonating a bit more. Let's try to make a bit more content in this direction. And we had an automated system to build kind of analytics reports, analyze the performance, check out what are the different insights. For instance, right here, specific technical hacks drive maximum engagement. And whatnot. And then we can kind of use this insight to further develop our content strategy. But it was not the full closed loop. So, this video is my attempt to create a new concept which will be used in the future for us and maybe for you as well. So, here is the loop that I defined. It has three parts. Improvement, then brain, and then new iteration of creatives. So, no matter what you do, if it's like organic content or ads or email or even cold outreach, you usually have these three things within your process. You have some sort of foundation, like for instance, your prompts or your SOPs, how you do things, like what are the regular way for you, let's say, to create content. Then you have your own context about what is your brand, what are the main topics that you want to be discussing, and then you have some references about the stuff that is working well, stuff that is not working well. Let's say, this is kind of the foundation for the system. This is the main knowledge base, okay? Then, based on this knowledge, you're creating a new batch of creatives. And then you're trying to improve the process. And so this loop is this kind of three things, but more so from the angle of AI. So, let's look at it a bit deeper, right? So, when I'm looking at the let's say, bi-weekly improvement loop, uh I decided to write bi-weekly because this is a reasonable amount of time when you're able to collect some data that you can analyze and learn from and then improve the process, right? So, I see four steps here in the improvement loop. We want to analyze our own performance of our creatives that we've just published. Second, we want to study our competitors because we might have 100 competitors and they all have like their own ad budgets or content creation budgets, and they're all constantly testing new hypothesis. We can have a huge leverage if we are learning from them as well. And then, third thing, which is very important, in my opinion, is consuming industry news comments understanding where our community is headed. This is kind of the whole trend context about what is going on in inside the industry. And I feel like this is the part where AI is naturally really weak because our LM is trained once and then, like you need to uh directly, explicitly feed it with the latest up-to-date information, so it is aware about the trends. And usually you're not doing it, and what you get is very outdated perspective of the industry. And for that reason, in terms of content and marketing, it will work worse because the angles they kind of get outdated. If a person has seen the same idea from the same angle 1,000 times, it is not compelling anymore. It is not noble anymore. So, this is a big problem. And the final fourth step is your own operators input. Of course, you have your own perspective. Maybe you have your meetings with clients. You're collecting some intel. You want to put it all into the improvement loop. So, ideally, this stuff is all happening almost fully automatically. Here, of course, you need to provide the input, but it can be in a very efficient way, in a very efficient manner. Maybe your AI is connected to your Slack or you're just feeding some voice notes every single 2 weeks in the system. So, there are different ways to do that. While the first two steps can be done completely automatically. Just have AI system, maybe with cloud code, set up to fully like regularly automatize analyze your ad performance or content performance. And then, this thing should automatically update your system's brain, your knowledge base, your foundation. Hey, we've collected this information about this like experiments, these angles are resonating better. In this case, in the example of this analytics report for the LinkedIn content of one of my clients, we're getting some of the insights. And this information should be stored to our knowledge base for this specific client. And then, we'll kind of base our new hypothesis specifically based on this insights that we've just collected. And then, it all goes into the next step, which is the new batch of creatives. So, AI will handle the ideation. And by the way, I really believe that right now, with the current state of marketing, the best way to use AI is not to generate the final content itself. Not to write the final email sequence, not to create the final ad visuals, because the quality will be really not good enough. But, when it comes to ideas and concepts, it is insanely helpful, and in my opinion, the right concept is already like 80% of success. If you're just hitting the right point, hitting the right angle, and it do is already proven to work in the past, man, like you're saving so much time. It is very, very easy to put manual effort in creating a well-prepared visual, which will generate you zero return on investment just because the concept was selected in the wrong manner. So, this is the first part, and then the second part is your authentic input. Once again, uh in my case, from for my clients, like they're doing weekly uh voice interview. So, this guy, Christian, every single week is talking to the voice interviewer for 45 minutes, just like sharing his own ideas, sharing his own stories, and then, based on this authentic thing, we're creating content. So, I don't believe in the generic kind of AI slot machine approach at all. And finally, of course, you have some sort of SOPs. So, the ways you create content, based on that, we're generating this content. And this is also coming from the Systems Brain. So, this is kind of the loop that I will be implementing within my content agency throughout the next few weeks. I would love to share my results. Also, I'm very curious to hear what you think about that, how you're implementing it within your business. So, please share it in the comment down below. And also, a few more ideas right here. First of all, about the cold start. If you don't have like the original batch of content, if you're just starting out, you don't have like the initial context, maybe you don't know where to start. It's very simple. You just start by studying the competition, selecting 50 concepts that you like from them that are really well-performing, and then this is the first thing that you test. This is where you start, and then you go from there. And this advice is taken from Alex Hormozi's book called 100 Million Dollar Hooks. This is a playbook from his third latest book launch. Right? And here a few more kind of side ideas. Like the whole kind of vision for this video came after I was watching a course about how to grow on YouTube from Ali Abdaal. Maybe you know this guy. He's like a productivity expert. And basically, one of the lessons it was going into the topic of thumbnails. And here is the thumbnail. But you can tell that this thumbnail is from the past. This is something that stopped working on YouTube a few years ago. When a person has this kind of shocked face and with like crazy emotion, it's not longer working. And the reason is every single concept in marketing, for a while it might be popular trending working novel and this is resonating with people. But after people have consumed like 10,000 thumbnails like that, it's not clicking anymore. They already kind of have this really blurry vision towards this thing. They will not even recognize that. For that reason, now the thumbnails that are working, they are way more calm, way more kind of less emotional, and this is what is crushing in 2026. And this got me thinking, oh, this kind of trending component, component of understanding of your niche deeply, like right now what is going on is absolutely crucial. And I think this is the component that really separates a mediocre AI system for content with something that is amazing and great. And another side thing is about how to find your competitors. Maybe you don't know yet who are those companies, those people that you're competing against and how can you possibly learn from them. So depending on what you do, for instance, if you're doing the organic content, I highly suggest you use APIfy. So this is a third-party software you can easily connect to, let's say, Cloud Code Cloud and then it will scrape any sort of social media data. TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, whatever you want. And then you'll be able to pull up the analytics about the engagement, what are the outliers, what are the underperformers, and then ask Cloud Code, for instance, analyze all that. By the way, I have videos on these subjects on my channel, so many of them, so check them out if this is something that you're into. Then if you're in ads, of course, you can learn from Facebook Ads Library. Just filter the ads using the impressions counter from the highest to the lowest, you will see the winning concepts from your competitors. When it comes to outbound, oh sorry, not outbound but personal branding, let's say on LinkedIn, you can use Sales Navigator. You can filter people within your industry and then once again scrape this informa- their information using APIfy. Check out who are those people with, let's say, 15K plus followers and then you will analyze them. They're probably industry leaders, they're probably authorities in your space. And finally, when it comes to, let's say, emails or newsletters, email sequences, you can find your competitors in some of the previous ways and then you can just open their website. If it's an e-com store, they're usually like suggesting you, "Hey, leave your email and get a 10% discount." And then once you leave there your email, you will get an email sequence, drip campaign usually. You will be able to learn what are the approaches that they are using. Or you can subscribe to their newsletter, and you will also consume the stuff that they are testing right now, and that is probably working for them, especially if it's a big company. Trust me, they probably spent like 800k plus testing their copy, their subject lines, their bodies. So, this is a definitely useful piece of data to study. So, that was it. Hopefully, now this concept is a bit more developed in your mind. Please let me know what you think, how you will apply that, and if you're interested, here's another video where I'm sharing how to use quad code for different sorts of marketing tasks, from content creation to outbound and even ads.
