# Type This Into Claude To Make $1,000 This Weekend

Creator: Patrick Dang
Date: 2026-06-15
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsUksdDNbv0

## Transcript

When I used to be a 9 to-5 employee working in sales, I used to think that I would need five or 10 years of experience before I could even attempt building my own business. And to try to shortcut that, I bought a bunch of courses, joined coaching programs. Some were a complete waste of time, but others were actually a gamecher and allowed me to realize that instead of waiting 5 or 10 years before starting something of my own, I could get started now. So with that confidence, I actually quit my job, moved to Thailand to try to figure out how to be a digital nomad and make money online. Now, after spending an entire year and my life savings trying out business ideas, I completely failed. I had to move back in with my parents with $200 to my name. And when my back was against the wall, and I was really thinking about going back and getting a normal 9 toive job. That month, I figured out how to make my first $,000 online. And I snowballed this side hustle into building a real online business where I have over 380,000 YouTube subscribers and I'm making over $100,000 a month. And what I want to show you in this video is if I were starting over and I wanted to make my first $1,000 over the weekend, knowing what I know now, this is exactly what I would do. And with tools like AI and Claw doing majority of the work for you, it's never been a better time to be starting your own thing. And even one of my clients, Sandy, six months ago, she was just a insurance sales manager working for somebody else. And now she's making over 30K a month with her AI business. Of course, I'm going to show you how to sign clients. But first, let's talk about why you haven't made any money with AI yet. Now, if you're like most people, you probably played around with Claude. You saw other YouTubers talk about it, but maybe you haven't made a single dollar yet. And I understand because it's confusing. Everyone's trying to sell you a different business model and you're not really sure which direction to go. So what I want to do is I want to lay out the landscape to show you what are the best business models you should even be considering if you are trying to start a business this weekend. Now how most people waste their weekends is this. They will pick the wrong business models, right? So the first option they'll think about is oh let's do some vibecoded apps. Problem is you can't really make money over a weekend because you got to learn how to do it. You got to build the thing. Then you got to somehow do the marketing to get users. Probably 99.9% of the apps don't even make $100. That's just the facts. Now option two could be, hey, maybe you want to do a faceless YouTube channel or Instagram account, right? Problem with that is there's no real brand. There's no real mo. You're probably taking copyrighted material from somebody else and that's not really a sustainable business cuz you get demonetized really quickly and anybody can just copy you. So like how can you quit your job if it's not sustainable, right? Option three, some people are saying, "Hey, maybe you should do some Etsy templates." The problem with that is again if anybody can do it and they can copy you, how is this going to be a long-term business? Yes, maybe you might make money for a week or two, but the opportunities will dry out pretty quick. Now, option four, what about AI drop shipping, right? Just create a store with AI and run ads. Well, number one, you got to run ads. So, how much money are you willing to burn to learn how to do this? Number two, it takes so much skill set to do this and there's so much competition already, it's very difficult for a beginner to get started. And the biggest problem I see with all these business models people are talking about is that it's not leaning into your natural skills, knowledge, and experiences. All of them require you to learn a lot of new skills and compete with people who are super good at what they do. So, how can you expect to compete when they're already so far ahead? And the other con of these models I mentioned is it requires a lot of upfront work before you can even make a single dollar. You got to build all these things and you don't even know if somebody will buy. But what if I said there was a way for you to sell before you have to build anything? Before I started making money online and doing pretty well for myself, I was just a nineto-ive employee, right? And I was trying to figure it out, trying all these different models. I tried a faceless Instagram account. I tried making apps. I even tried a matcha pop-up store. All these things pretty much lost me money and waste my time. So, I remember during this time, I probably was about like 25 years old, living with my parents, ran out of money, $200 to my name, and I was like, "Dang, do I really have to go back and get a normal job?" Because like, it would be such a waste that I spent all my life savings and had nothing to show for it, right? That moment, I had this epiphany where I realized that if I can get a job and make six figures because I was good at sales, right? That's what they taught me at my job. instead of going back to a job and working for somebody else, why don't I just take the same skill that I had and just sell it to other people online. And so what I did was I packaged that sales knowledge, I turned it into courses and coaching and I started selling it. And through that process, within the first month, I made my first $1,000 online. And I just kept going, building my YouTube channel, building my brand to eventually I'm at over 100K per month practically doing the same thing. Now, not only did I sell the skill that I had from my job, but as I was learning new skills like content marketing, YouTube, personal branding, I just kept learning new things and selling it online. So, I've realized you can sell the skills that you have because if an employer is willing to pay for those skills, then you can sell it to somebody else. And you can also sell new skills and skills that you desire to acquire. So, you're not trapped in the box. And something I always believed is every employee is kind of like an entrepreneur, but you only have one client, right, which is your boss. And because you don't have the leverage, you can't just charge higher prices. You can't just leave. And all the things required to start a business, they don't teach you because they want to keep you trapped. Now, real quick, if you want to go more in depth on how to build your business with AI from finding your business idea, how to reach out to clients, how to build a personal brand so clients come to you, and most importantly, how you can actually close deals. I want to invite you to a 3-day live training where I'm going to show you all these steps in depth. We're going to show you how to do all these things even if you're super busy with a 9-5 job. And I'm also going to give you some of my best clawed skills as a special bonus. And if you're someone that lacks a little confidence and you wonder if any decision maker would even want to talk to you or let alone buy anything from you, I'm going to be doing a live sales roleplay on the live training to show you exactly how you should be selling your products and services. Even if you're just getting started and you don't have any customer testimonials or proof quite yet, this is the exact process I've taken many of my clients to from 0 to 10K per month. So, if that sounds interesting to you, check the link in description. Sign up for your spots before they run out and I will see you live. So at this point you might have two questions. The first one is how can you do this too? And the second is how can you get AI to do 90% of the work for you? So now let's talk about the number one business model that nobody is talking about. Now the quickest way to generate a sustainable income online is really to sell a skill. Cuz if you ever worked a 9 toive job, you're actually already selling your skills for money. And most of the time you're getting paid to learn, right? Sometimes you go into a job, you don't have any experience, and they're like, "All right, we'll pay for your time. We'll teach you everything you need to know to do well." And like I was saying earlier, every employee is basically an entrepreneur with one client, right? You just don't have the leverage yet. And what employers don't teach you is they don't teach you how to sell that skill outside your company, which is why you're trapped in your situation. But the reality is you actually have a lot of skills. You just don't know how to get in front of people. Now, here is where it gets crazy with AI, and I'm going to introduce you to the idea of an AI powered service. Now, you might be wondering, okay, everything sounds cool, Patrick, but what exactly is an AI powered service? The simplest way to think about it is you already have a skill that you're getting paid for, whether it's sales, marketing, copywriting, finance, right? Whatever it is that you're doing at your job, now what you're doing is you're using tools like Claw to do 90% of the work for you. Cuz as you know, all the big companies are laying off employees, right? because AI is doing the work. But this is how you take advantage of this kind of tragic situation. If you can sell a skill and you get AI to do the work, you can sell that skill as a service for, let's say, 2.5K to $5,000 plus. I have clients doing like $20,000 deals. Really just depends on what your skill is. And you can sell it to businesses all over the world as long as you have a laptop and internet connection, right? How I like to think about it is you it's your job to find the client and to understand what they want and to understand how to deliver a good service. Then you use tools like AI and get Claude to really do all the hard work, right? So you're doing 10% of the work. Let's say you're just managing it. Claude is doing 90%. So let me give you some examples. So if you took a skill, you combine it with Claude, you have a unique business idea. So let's say your 9 to5 skill is you're in sales and business development. You combine that with cloud and you can sell a service, let's say doing AI outbound, right? You know, reaching out to clients, whether it's cold email, LinkedIn, Upwork, it doesn't really matter as long as the client's willing to pay for it. And you could charge somewhere between 2,000 to even more than $5,000 a month for this service. Why would they pay? Because if you help them get a client and that client's worth, let's say, 20K and they're only paying you three, it's a really good return on investment for them, right? Or let's say you have a copywriting skill set or some kind of marketing or content skill set. Well, what if you just took those marketing skill sets, you went to different founders on LinkedIn and you sold some kind of content system where you create their content on their behalf. Ghostw writing, carousels, infographics. You get them the views and then they monetize it. Of course, they're going to pay for that because it's basically free money in a sense where you're generating them traffic. Now, what if you're a designer or a creative type, right? You can sell any kind of AI design systems. So, one of my clients, Sean, right? I helped this person go from zero to building his own AI business. And he has a client where they had humans creating these PowerPoint slides, right? And they're paying these humans thousands of dollars every single month. And there's multiple of them. And they've been trying to figure out how to like replace these guys with AI. They just couldn't figure it out. So, he just came in, sold the service around, hey, I'm going to use Claw to make your PowerPoints so that your humans don't have to do it. And it's going to save you so much time, so much money. and he's getting paid like two to threek a month just making powerpoints for these people. And he had no experience doing these powerpoints. He just figured it out based on the problem that the company has. What I'm saying is any service where a human is doing it, right? They're physically doing the labor. Nowadays, AI can do the rest. Now, I know some of you guys might be thinking, "Okay, that makes sense." But why would a company that's already big, they have employees, and they're making money, why would they pay you, a complete stranger, to solve their problem? Especially if they can probably do it themselves. So, let me let you in on a little secret. Even though these companies might be techsavvy, they might have smart employees, it doesn't always mean they can figure it out by themselves. I have a client, for example, Sandy. six months ago. She didn't know anything about AI, nothing about Claude, okay? And I showed her how to do some outreach and sales, and she found a client who was looking to make these SEO blog posts, okay? In multiple languages. She didn't know anything about SEO. She didn't know anything about Claude, but she sent them a Loom video explaining, "Hey, I saw your post on Upwork. Here's my solution to your problem. Would love to jump on a call." They jumped on a call. I told her what to say, and she just confidently said, hey, I understand your problem. I'm going to solve it. She didn't have to give any references. She didn't have to give previous examples. She just gave a diagram of what she would do. And that was enough for them to pay $3,300 a month to get started. Now, with the money, Sandy basically took that 3K, found other people to actually build this infrastructure. And then she really just manages it. And so now she spends 20 minutes a day making these blog posts. They actually work. They convert. The company's making money off of the work that she's doing even though it's her first time doing it. And Claude's doing such a good job, they bumped the paid to $5,500. And then she eventually snowballed that success into a YouTube channel. And now she has 30,000 subscribers on YouTube when literally just a couple months ago she had 200. She's making over 30K a month with her AI side hustle. So my point is, you don't have to be an expert in anything. AI is so new that if you have the drive to figure it out and use these new technologies, you can just solve the problem and get paid. You don't have to build anything beforehand. You don't have to really show that much proof. You just need to be able to get in front of somebody, sell them, get the money, and build the thing. Now, hopefully I inspired you to show you like, hey, this is actually possible to sell these AI powered services. So, the next step of the process is how do you find your unique AI powered service that you can be selling? Now, I want to first start with why it feels so hard to stick with a business idea. I've worked with a lot of people and I helped them start their businesses from, you know, a 9 to5 employee to doing their own thing, right? I noticed that a lot of people don't get started not because they're not smart. It's more because they have a fear of failing. A lot of people can't commit to an idea for a couple months because they need to know for sure that it will work, right? The reality is you will not know for sure if something will work. You have to try it. You have to fail to learn in order to find out which path makes the most sense for you. So just expect to fail in order to succeed. The second is people have this fear of running a business they hate, right? Like they wonder if I succeed, what if I don't like it, right? What if I'm making so much money but I put myself into a job? I understand that. But in order for you to even have a taste of freedom to know if this is for you, you have to at least try. So don't let these fears stop you from just taking action. Just do the work. And then once you find some success, you can pivot. You can change things. But if you don't have the time and money to even get to that point, then you're just psyching yourself out and you you'll be stuck as an employee forever. Let me show you a technique on how I teach all my clients to overcome this fear, right? I'm going to show you how to pick an idea that has the highest chance of success. And we're going to be using your skills, knowledge, and experience. I'm also going to show you how to use this eeky guy method. It's a Japanese concept to help you find your reason for being. And I'm going to make sure that we are cashing in on your passions, things you're actually interested in. Okay, so the eeky guy works like this. It is your reason for being. It's a Japanese concept that's been around for a while, right? And it's just the overlap between what you love, what the world needs, what you're good at, and what you can be paid for. You find this intersection, you're going to be able to basically sell a service and make some money. So, I actually have a free gift for you where you can actually find your eeky guy using Claude. All you have to do is go into the link in description, download my free Claude skill, double click it, and then it can install onto your computer in like 5 seconds. Once you go into claude, you type in /pd eeky guy AI and then it will say, "Hey, let's help you find your profitable business idea." And it's going to walk you through an entire exercise where it asks you a bunch of questions to understand who you are and it will match your skills, knowledge, and experience with what people are paying for right now. Now, to give you a glimpse on what is the output after you enter all the questions, it's going to give you this really nice report, right? It's the eeky guy report where I already went ahead and just put in some information uh similar to what my clients are looking for to get make it as realistic as possible. And then this is what it's going to give you, right? It's going to give you a whole report on who do you help, how do you help them, how you going to make some money, right? So it already came in with okay based on your skill sets and the idea that we have it's validated 84 out of 100. You can charge this amount. Um and how does it actually work? Right? So in this example, we have a girl named Maya. Worked at, you know, tech companies in the past doing marketing and now she wants to start her own thing, right? So we combined what she loves, what she's good at, what the world needs, what she can be paid for, put it all together. And in this example, her eeky guy is going to be helping businesses with ghostriting, helping founders get their message out. Specifically helping B2B SAS founders who have funding and money. They want to build a personal brand to get more users and recruit more people, but they're just not good at content. So, it's going to show you like where the opportunity is, where the underserved market is, so you don't have to compete with other people who are better than you. It's even going to do research and find all your competitors, what are their pricing. So, that's going to help you figure out if this is a validated offer or not. It'll explain to you why this particularly works for you given how you answer the eeky guy questions. And of course, you know, this whole report is really in depth from the different pricings, how you can actually deliver on these services using AI, what is the deliverable, what do people want, whether it's copyrightiting, carousels, like you name it. It basically does all the research for you. So you have a very clear idea of which direction to go. And why this is so powerful is because number one, it's using your skills, knowledge, and experience. So it's a unique business idea specifically for you. And the chance of it working is significantly higher because you can see there's already other people selling it. It's validated. But the eeky guy skill that I'm giving you is going to help you find different angles to differentiate so that you don't have to compete in a bloody red ocean. So if you want this eeky guy skill for yourself, check the link in the description for that free download. This is literally what I give to my paid clients and I'm giving it to you for free. Now once you have your eeky guy, the next natural step is going to be how do you actually get clients? The biggest mistake beginners make is that they're always chasing clients, right? When you reach out to people, whether it's on LinkedIn, Upwork, cold email, right? Nobody knows who you are. A lot of times beginners will get burned out because they'll be like, "Oh, I sent 200 messages and nobody responded." And the problem with that is you're chasing. Okay? Instead of chasing, you want to build a garden. You want to go to where demand is and you want to find people who have a problem you can solve and just show them that you're going to solve it. Right? A lot of times people will have this random business idea and they try to force it onto people, but nobody cares. Instead of thinking so selfishly on what you want to see in the world and what you want to sell, think about what do other people want and just give them what they want. All right? It's just reverse thinking. And in my opinion, the easiest way to get started is actually to just use LinkedIn, DM people who are going to be a good fit for your products and services and just see if they want to get on a call. If you can get them on a call, you can sell them, connect with them. It's way easier to sell, right? You can do this even if you have a 9 toive job. And yes, highlevel decision makers do respond all the time, even if you're just getting started with no credibility. And no, you don't need a ton of credibility to get responses. And you might say it can't be that simple, right? You can't just like reach out to a CEO and they're going to respond. The thing is, it is that easy. So here's some proof within my founder X community where I essentially help people who have 9 toive jobs transition to build their own businesses. Matthew, for example, he recently started like less than a month ago with me. He shared in the channel like, "Hey guys, want to share a quick win? got my first client through LinkedIn outbound. It really works. I just had to stay consistent and target the right people and everyone's like, "Yeah, let's go." And this is someone who's never really done it before, starting a brand new business with no case studies. Another client, Melissa, you're not going to read the whole thing, but essentially, she learned LinkedIn outbound from my program. She just started reaching out to people. She doesn't even have an offer yet. She doesn't even know what she's going to sell. And somebody actually responded and they're going to have a call next week. And now I got like, you know, go on a coaching call with her and tell her like, you know, what to say on the call in order to, you know, sign the client even if she doesn't have an offer, right? And I have another client, Allison, who recently just signed a AI automation deal helping someone with their ERP systems. Really just getting started in the space to be honest. And she quit her job just like, you know, a few months ago. And uh she's getting paid upfront 2.3K and then 3.9K, you know, recurring revenue to upkeep all the things that she's building for them. And all these people are doing cold outbound DM. They barely have a personal brand. They're maybe posting like one piece of content every other day and they're getting like five likes. Decision makers with a lot of money still respond. So if they can do it, I'm giving you so many multiple examples. Why can't you? Now, the key to making this work is you want to snipe, right? If you ever played any video games before like Counterstrike or Valerant, you know how there's those snipers that just like take a shot and then kill? That's what you want to do, right? You don't want to be like an uzi, like you're just spraying everybody like spray and prey because you're gonna miss, right? So, how I think about it is most beginners, they fail because they try to hit a thousand people, make a big list, oh, I'm going to go after all the real estate agents and then nobody responds. Instead, you want to succeed by targeting specific people with high buying intent and just get them to respond in the DMs. And the key to making this work is you're going to use AI to find all these buying signals. So let me show you how you can do this on cloud. So I have a special cloud skill where it allows me to build lists, right? And if I want to sell LinkedIn ghostwriting services, you know, creating content for founders on LinkedIn SAS companies, I would say, hey, make me a list of 10 SAS founders uh for ghostriting services. I want to target these AI founders and agency related founders and I want you Claude to help me figure out which signals make the most sense for this kind of person so I can do some LinkedIn outbound, right? Use my eeky guy. So I'll use the eeky guy I showed you before to match you know to make sure the customers are ideal fit for the offer that I have. Score each lead one out of 10. So once I use cloud what it's going to do is it's going to give me the signals right. So these are all the high intense signals. So if somebody checks all these boxes, they're a B2B company, they have 11 to 200 employees, meaning they have money, series A or B, right? Raise funds, the CEO, they're hiring for content people, you know, they're US-based tech, you know, all these different criteria, which Claude actually does all the work to find them, the chance of them responding is really high. So within Claude, what's going to happen is it's going to create a list, right? So it's going to give you a score, tell you how hot they are, uh first name, last name, role, you know, website, all this kind of stuff. so you can find their LinkedIn and reach out to them. Now, if you want this list building skill, I'm going to give it to you for free as a bonus gift uh with the link in description. So, not only will you get the eeky guy skill, but I'll give you this list building skill as well. And again, it's something I usually reserve for clients, but for you watching this, I will give it to you for free. So, obviously, you're going to reach out to these people, agitate their pain, show you have a solution, and try to get them on a call just like how my clients did. Now, if you want to go more in depth on exactly what to say in the messages and all that kind of stuff, make sure to sign up for a free live training where I can show you much more over that training versus just one short YouTube video. Now, one thing I did want to cover is if you want to increase your response rate on LinkedIn or code email or whatever, you got to be building your personal brand. And the simplest way to do it is really just to start on LinkedIn, create five pieces of content a day, um, and it will increase your response rate. You don't have to get a bunch of likes. It's okay. You just need to have something. One of my clients, Brandon, for example, he went from $750 a month to making over 10K a month. And you can see he specializes in a niche, which is construction and glazing. He helps him with marketing. And, you know, he's getting like 15 likes, four likes, five likes. Like, you can still make 10K a month with this kind of engagement if you have the right offer. Now, I want to show you a really cool way to be making content, especially when it comes to LinkedIn and images and videos. So, I've been using Higsfield, which is actually a partner for this video, where I basically use it within my Claude. I don't have to even leave Claude and I just ask it, hey, like help me create these infographics, help me create animations and carousels just to make the content so that my content on LinkedIn could get more engagement. So, as an example, I found this diagram uh by Jack Butcher. You know, the idea is like, oh, like services are like customized and you got to do something for every person, then you turn it into a product where you do the same thing over and over and over for as many people as possible, right? So I thought it was a really good concept. So on claude I can just say something like use Hfield to take this concept and use my style of black, white and orange for a LinkedIn post and just literally in one prompt it created this image here where it took the original but it just made it more in my style right so if you notice from my YouTube channel it's a lot of dark background white and orange right cuz claw colors are orange and so it just kind of in reinvented it and just like made it a little different right instead of whatever the other guy had it redrrew the drawings redrew the shapes and then adding text like services, you know, each one is custom, slower, non-scalable, and then the product is uh identical replicable scalable right? So, it's a really cool graphic that I could put on LinkedIn. So, if I did a post on here's why you need to start productizing with AI or whatever, you know, I can add a really cool graphic to it to get more engagement. One thing you can also do with HF is you can actually animate it. So, I took the same image and then I just said, "Hey, I need you to animate that. I want to make these um this white part like move around like squiggle around. And I want the the right part to have the light going from left to right. So, it added music, but we don't need the music for this example. And you can see this one's moving and this one's kind of like the the lights glowing to the side. Right. So, if I want to turn this into more of a GIF where it just kind of loops, then it would be kind of interesting. Right now, I would need to go a little deeper to fix like the other ones. I don't see them moving. So, I would have to just keep prompting it and be like, "Hey, you know, the other three aren't moving, so can you fix that?" But you get the idea. And another cool thing is in the beginning of this video, I actually showed a b-roll of a bunch of Claude robots working together, right? And this is actually from the same process of using Hakesfield and Claude together. So what I did was I got my little characters which I designed using AI. I combined it with a art style that I like. So if you ever played any video games, it's Valerant. And I said, "Hey, take that kind of like handdrawn style and apply it to my characters." Now, in order for me to actually pay an artist to do all this, it probably cost thousands of dollars and especially to animate it. But I literally made the entire thing in like less than 5 minutes with a couple references. And now moving forward in our YouTube videos and LinkedIn content, we could always make these cool graphics, these animations really with just like a very inexpensive subscription. Now, if you want to try this for yourself and you want to, you know, play around with it, create some assets similar to me, I actually put a link in the description where you can try Higsfield out for free and see if you like it. So, now that you understand how to create content and how to reach out to people, let's next talk about what is your weekend action plan. So, if you're trying to make your first $1,000 over the weekend, here's realistically what you can expect, right? Let's say you finish work, it's Friday night, use the eeky guy model I showed you. Find your business idea. Next, on Saturday, you want to make a list of 50 prospect using the list building skill I gave you so you can reach out to them on LinkedIn. And you can start making content as well if you have time. Now, on Sunday, you're going to get people accepting your request. Usually, 40% of people should accept. That's like on average. And then you start messaging them on Sunday. Now, if you can get someone on the call the next day on a Monday or maybe the Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, whatever, within the first week, and you can convince them that you can provide some kind of AI powered service, you actually could sign your first client within that first week. Now, it's not guaranteed obviously, but the process is there if you do all the steps correctly. Now, Sandy, for example, when she was selling her SEO services, she pretty much did the same process, but she did it on Upwork. She signed her first client within the first two weeks, right? Other people that I worked with, they literally signed their first client in one week. So, depends on your skills, knowledge, and experience. Depends on how good you are at selling, but the process is there. So, will it technically take a little bit more time than the weekend? Yes. I think the weekend is a good time for you to set everything up and then as the conversations roll in, as your conversations start turning into calls, then you can actually realistically sign clients. All right, so those are the steps for you to be starting your AI powered business this weekend. Now, for some of you, even though I gave you all my skills, you might need a little more guidance and training and understanding of exactly how to find the best business idea for you, how to create content, how to do outbound, and most importantly, what do you actually say when you're on the call with a potential customer and they, you know, what do you say to sell them? So, if that sounds like you, there are two things you can do from here. Number one, you sign up for the free 3-day live training that I have coming up that will cover all these details in depth. I'm going to give you all my bonus skills on top of that if you join the free training. And last time we had over a,000 people sign up. So, it's going to be a good time for you to just learn, see what other people are doing, and to see what's possible with AI. And the training is completely for free as well. Now, the second option is for you to book a time with me and my team where we can actually walk you through the steps on what this would look like if I actually helped you start this business from scratch. So, if you want to join the training, link is in the description. But if you want to book a call, that link is also in the description as well. Now, if you want to check out another YouTube video, check out this one here where I show you some of the best side hustles you can do using Claude.
